<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_31"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.lz5uu4uigujw">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty Five</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.rn7nublrbp97">
      <span class="c14">A Rocky Start</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c39">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The dawn of the first day began again as usual, with birdsong weaving through the crisp morning air and the scent of dew-laced cobblestones rising in gentle waves—but Ratt, Tatl, and I were far too on edge to enjoy the sunshine and cheery morning. The phantom sting of Lukhan’s envenomed blades still clung to my shoulder. The echo of his cold, sardonic voice flickered at the edge of memory like a shadow that hadn’t quite vanished. The warmth on my face felt almost insulting after what we’d just survived. We had been only seconds away from certain death, and I quietly thanked the gods for our escape. All three of us swayed unsteadily as we regained our bearings from the rapid shift through time—that nauseating tumble through space that left our limbs tingling, our stomachs roiling, and a cold rush lingering in our veins like the echo of some deep, cosmic current... Tatl and I were more familiar with it, but Ratt still struggled to remain upright.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"W-whoa, for a minute there... I thought... we were finished." Ratt gasped, stumbling a step before bending down and clutching his stomach. His face had gone pale, a cold sweat glistening along his brow, and his eyes darted around as if expecting the pirate lord to leap from the shadows. His voice trembled slightly when he added, "W-what happened to Lukhan?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't know, but I'm glad he's not here..." I said, though my voice shook with something closer to wariness than relief. That was far too close for comfort. I could practically see the raging hatred in his eyes still lingering before me. I grasped at the shoulder where his blade met my flesh yesterday. Still healed...thank the gods... I quickly looked up to Tatl to make sure she was also unharmed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Are you okay, Tatl?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, and I think we're all lucky to be alive. In any case, we should probably get out of town as soon as possible in case they come looking!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl fluttered around my head, casting frantic glances at the nearby rooftops and alleys. I found myself scanning them too, half-expecting Lukhan's shape to materialize from the shadows, blade drawn and memory intact. Her wings trembled faintly, betraying more fear than her voice let on. Then her tone shifted, just a little too eagerly—almost like she was trying to move the conversation past the terror still clinging to all of us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh... right! The Gorons must be looking for their kid about now! Remember that guy you mentioned, Ratt? Do you think he still has the Goron child?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt, still hunched and pale from the twisting effects of time travel, grimaced as he swallowed down the bile rising in his throat. He wiped his mouth on his sleeve, then paused, blinking hard like he was trying to remember where—when—they were. His voice was hoarse when he finally answered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm pretty sure he does. And I gotta agree with you on this one, Tatl. We need to get out of here, and fast." He took my hand like it was the one stable thing left in a world gone sideways, gripping it with trembling fingers. "C'mon. He's just south of the shopping district."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We raced through the plaza, which was steadily filling with bustling shoppers and bright-eyed tourists, their cheerful chatter clashing with the raw tension still tightening in my chest. The scent of baked bread, crushed flowers, and woodsmoke hung heavy in the thick morning air—so warm and inviting it felt like a cruel joke. It was as though the world had shrugged off the darkness we’d just endured, refusing to acknowledge the terror that had clung to our skin like ash.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Beside me, Ratt weaved through the crowd like someone born in these streets, his grip on my hand a lifeline as we threaded through narrow alleys and between carts piled high with goods. His focus never wavered. Not until we reached a street so silent and grimy it felt like it had been forgotten on purpose.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Iron bars barricaded the windows of several buildings that sat in a jumbled row, with each door sporting multiple locks made of solid steel. The building we finally stopped before had a metal sign reading "The Curiosity Shop" written in ornate gold lettering, dulled by years of dust and neglect.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Here we are, I've known this guy for a long time," Ratt began in a hushed tone, matching the silence of the empty corridor. "He's the only pawn shop in town, and he owns most of these buildings—used to run with the thieves' guild before he went legit, or so he claims. He has contacts all over Termina that sell or trade all kinds of valuable artifacts to him. Geroh may seem like a thieving lowlife at first, but trust me, he's got a heart of gold."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I trust you, but let's try to hurry." I nodded, warily glancing around. The hairs on my neck still hadn’t settled, something was off.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt continued to hold my hand, his grip steady but warm, as he walked up and rapped his knuckles on the iron-reinforced door. The tension in his shoulders hadn’t eased, and I could feel the unspoken urgency in the way his fingers curled just slightly tighter around mine. For the first time I was actually grateful for his comforting presence. A few seconds later, a thin, nasally voice sounded within.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ratt? Is that you? Whatchoo want?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I want to know if you have any Goron kids?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Goron kids? How can I have any kids if I ain't got a wife? 'Specially a Goron, ya dunce! The only kid I ever gotta deal with is you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"C'mon Geroh, I know someone sold you a Goron kid recently."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"...Maybe they did, maybe they didn't. Why d'you care anyhow? This another one of your 'hero' escapades?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look, you know as well as I do that this town is already on the brink of anarchy. If the Gorons end up declaring war on us because you stole one of their young, this town won't survive, taking your business with it. You don't want to risk losing all of this, do you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt gestured with his arm at all the buildings along the street, and the heavy door finally opened after six loud clicks, revealing a short, chubby man with neatly combed brown hair and a short-trimmed black beard. The smell of oil, dust, and old parchment wafted from inside.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Harumph…you always did have a good head on your shoulders, kid. Come on inside. And uh, bring your company in too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Geroh waved us in and held open the door while glancing suspiciously at Tatl and me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">There were no windows inside the structure, but it was well lit by dozens of candles and torches. The walls had several large crates hastily stacked against them, with the back wall featuring a solid steel door, which looked much like a safe. The middle of the room was empty aside from a few wooden chairs and a green plaid sofa. A glass table in the shape of a rupee, supported by jade figurines of goddess-like women posed in flowing robes, sat at the very center. The front door shut with a quiet thud, and Geroh fastened all six locks again before turning his attention on us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Please, uh, have a seat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt proceeded to sit on the sofa and I followed suit. Geroh plopped down in one of the chairs and continued to stare suspiciously at me, his narrowed eyes flicking over my gear while his stubby fingers tapped a slow, rhythmic beat on the armrest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, uh, who's your girlfriend? Don't think I ever seen her before."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wha? She's not my girlfriend! I mean she's a friend, but we aren't together, or anything like that!" Ratt answered in a rush, a tinge of red burning in his cheeks.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehe sure sure, kid. Why is she here then?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Her name is Link, and she's uhhh... an emissary for the Gorons up north. They aren't happy, Geroh. They know you have their child, so they sent her to reason with you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Geroh’s brow furrowed deeper. Then his eyes widened, and his posture stiffened as a flash of alarm crossed his face. I could see the moment his confidence faltered, like a mask slipping—revealing the glint of fear behind his bluster. His fingers twitched slightly on the armrest, the bravado draining from him as his growing suspicion gave way to defensive fear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa whoa, I never stole no kid! In fact, I only bought him so's I could get him back to the Gorons all quicklike!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I decided to play along with Ratt's ploy, and spoke in a more authoritative voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You're lucky that they sent me ahead of them for a diplomatic solution. A preemptive strike force is waiting just outside of town right now. If I were you, I'd hand the boy over immediately so I can return him."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK OK, you don't have to threaten me any more lady! I'll go get him, he's probably still sleeping like a lil' boulder. Gimme a sec. You come with me, kid, I'll need a hand hauling him out. Oh and if yer girlfriend and her sprite steal anything, I'm charging Mutoh double for anything she takes, yeah?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pudgy shopkeeper hoisted himself up and retreated to the back door, the heavy clinking of a large ring packed with keys of all shapes echoing through the room as the metal glinted faintly in the flickering candlelight. Ratt followed and disappeared through the doorway after Geroh freed the three locks guarding it, then the door closed with a heavy, metallic clang behind them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok...so what's the plan here? We get this Goron kid back to his parents, convince them to help us up the mountain, then what? We aren't taking Ratt with us, are we?" Tatl spoke up, lightly landing on my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My guess is that we'll figure it out as we go. And no, we've already put him through enough danger. I'll just have to convince him to stay in town somehow."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good luck, he seems bent on following you like a lost puppy. Pretty sure he likes you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No he doesn't. He knows I'm a man—at least, I think he does.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">Unless... maybe he doesn't?</span>
      <span class="c33"> The thought sent a ripple of unease through me, and I quickly pushed it down. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“He just wants to know how to wield a sword. That's all that's between us."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft. I bet he does…" Tatl mumbled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn't have a chance to retort as the vault door swiftly opened, followed by Ratt and Geroh rolling a wooden barrel filled with what sounded like heavy stones. The shopkeep waved for me to come look and I stood to oblige him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Lookee here, there's your lost Goron."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sure enough, I peered inside to find a smallish Goron child quietly snoring, seemingly unaware of his situation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How long has he been sleeping?" I asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ever since I got 'im. Sako- er, I mean, the one who brung him said the kid was asleep when he found the hefty boy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's a bit odd, but at least he's here. The Goron's fury will be sated, I'm sure." I replied officiously, taking note of Geroh's slip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good, them's the last thing I need jumping down my throat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa whoa whoa! That's great and all, but how do we wake him up?" Tatl interjected.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That I do not know." Geroh shrugged. "I tried all sorts of stuff, no luck. I dunno how anything can sleep in a barrel like that. I just figgered you'd know a trick, being ...ah...emissaries and all."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm...I could try something." I replied, the Song of Healing coming to mind. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I retrieved the Ocarina from beneath the cloak and brought it to my lips. Ratt seemed confused and inched closer to my side, probably worried that we'd be whisked through the timestream again. I gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder and began the mystical tune, hoping it would wake the snoozing Goron. The soft notes swam around the room like graceful swans in a tranquil lake, their echoes lingering in the stillness—but when I was finished, the child continued to sleep. A flicker of frustration stirred in my chest, the silence that followed pressing heavier than before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well… that was certainly something. Instead of waking 'im up you probably made him even more sleepy. I know it did for me, heh heh." Geroh yawned in mock exhaustion, stretching his arms overhead with an exaggerated groan and giving his belly a lazy scratch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It was worth a shot, Link." Ratt consoled as I rolled my eyes at the dealer. "He's a heavy one though, how can we get him to his kind? Do you have a cart or something, Geroh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Eh, I s'pose I could lend ya a pushcart or somethin'. But uh…. not fer free. I’ll trade ya, how about that shiny pendant yer wearin’?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The dealer pointed to my chest and I looked down, seeing the pendant Kotake had given me a few days ago glinting in the soft light. It was a strange charm—a smooth grey stone cool to the touch, faintly humming as if alive. A tiny, blood-red ruby gleamed at its center, surrounded by flecks of deep purple that shimmered like ink in water. A looped piece of thread was securely wrapped around it, forming a necklace. It had always pulsed faintly against my chest, like it was drinking in the air around us. Kotake had given it to me as a shield against Odalwa’s tracking—something to mask my presence, to keep the monster from sensing me through the mists. I remembered how it had comforted me in the worst parts of the swamp, a quiet talisman that made me feel less exposed, less hunted. Letting it go felt like peeling off a layer of protection I didn’t know I still needed. But with him defeated, its purpose had faded into the past.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“That’s a fair trade I suppose, here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I undid the leather knot and handed the medallion to Geroh, and he looked it over carefully. With a nod of satisfaction, happy to feel the quality of the stone and craftsmanship, he started towards the front door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Alrighty, fair’s fair. You all stay put, I’ll go get that cart ready fer youse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Geroh unlocked the front door again and walked out, leaving the Goron with us.I sat down on the dusty wooden floor and leaned back on the barrel. Tatl flew into the barrel with the child and Ratt plopped down beside me to sit cross-legged, kicking up a tiny poof of dust.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"See? Told you he was trustworthy. The kid’ll be back with his people in no time, and then they’ll bring us to the mountains. With luck, we’ll be there tonight!" Ratt grinned, his voice brimming with pride like he’d somehow arranged the whole thing himself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ratt, you know you can't come with us up there. It's dangerous, I told you that," I reminded sternly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, you wouldn't last two seconds… actually probably less," Tatl added, echoing inside the barrel with a tone that stung more than it needed to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But I thought you were going to train me?" Ratt’s voice faltered slightly, more uncertain than defiant. He picked at a loose thread on his sleeve, not meeting my eyes. "I just... I thought maybe I could finally be more than what I was."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can't train you and look after you. What if I'm fighting a monster and you get in the way?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt put a hand on my knee, hesitant but hopeful. A warm rush stirred in my chest—confusing, unexpected. I glanced away quickly, pretending to brush a stray speck from my tunic, willing the heat in my face to settle. It felt like keese swarming in my gut, an anxious flutter I didn’t want to name.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'll be fine," he said softly. "I've survived practically all my life on these streets. I know how to hide, how to run away… but for once in my life, after seeing you, I want to learn how to fight back."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I swallowed. Why does that look shake me? A heartbeat later, I suppressed the fluttering sensation and gently pushed Ratt’s hand away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't want to be responsible for your death, even if you do know how to run and hide."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What if you end up almost dying? Like last time? You might need my help again," Ratt retorted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's what he's got me for, genius," Tatl interrupted, flitting out from the barrel to stand on my other knee. "We're both grateful for what you did last night, but this is our adventure, our lives on the line. It's just better if you stay out of our way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt’s grin faded. He drew his hand back into his lap, his eyes darting briefly to the floor as his shoulders slumped. The vulnerability he’d let show was quickly tucked away, replaced by a colder mask of indifference—but it was thinner now, fraying at the edges.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A pang of guilt crept into my chest, quiet but persistent—I hadn’t meant to hurt him, only to protect him, but the line between the two was blurring. A trace of disappointment lingered in the downturn of his mouth, like a question left unanswered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, you aren't going to train me then?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No... I didn't say that."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Then when? How can I learn if I'm stuck here?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I sighed, then looked around the room. There was a large amount of empty space between the boxes and the centerpiece furniture. Plenty of room for a bit of light sparring. I stood to my feet, causing Tatl to take off, and held my hand out to Ratt to pick him up.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How about now?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt looked up, took my hand with a smile, and nodded eagerly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No time like the present."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He pulled himself up, his grip warm and sure, and I guided him away from the barrel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK, first things first: your stance. There's a defensive stance and an offensive one. I'll show you defensive first."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I planted my feet shoulder-width apart, my stronger left leg slightly behind the right. Ratt mirrored me instantly, eyes focused.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yep, that's right—if you're left-handed. Are you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, no I'm not. Should I swap feet?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes. And when you do, shift your weight just behind your toes. That way, you’ll be quicker on your feet. And keep your shoulders square to your opponent."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt nodded and adjusted accordingly, furrowing his brow with intent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now, put your hands up to defend your face, but keep a loose fist."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He raised his hands, though slightly off-center. I stepped in to correct him, guiding his arms gently. His messy black hair fell into his eyes, which glimmered with nervous excitement. The eager way he held himself made something flutter in my chest again—protective instinct, maybe... or something else… I pushed the feeling down again, more aggressively this time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">His oversized blue shirt and trousers sagged slightly on his lean frame, making him look more like a kid dressing up to play hero than a fighter in training. Still, he grinned at me with wide-eyed resolve, like a puppy ready to chase a stick. Ratt’s shaggy black hair making him look even more playful.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright, looking good," I said, smiling despite myself. "Now try to look a bit more... tough."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt furrowed his brow and curled his lip into a little snarl—a valiant effort.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now, I'm going to punch at your right side. Sidestep left with your right foot, and grab my arm to block. Got it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Got it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I lunged with a light jab. Ratt flinched, late to react, and my fist tapped his ribs. He still managed to grab my arm in time, completing the move—if clumsily.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I wasn't ready for that," he said with a sheepish grin, rubbing the spot. "But did I do it right?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not quite," I said, chuckling softly. "But you're getting there. We’ll get it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">His grin returned, wide and earnest, and I could see how badly he wanted this—wanted to be something more than just the scrappy street kid. And in that look, for just a heartbeat, I felt the flicker of something warmer, messier, and much harder to ignore.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As I shifted to show him the next position, a sudden clink rang out beside us—the Hero’s Mask had slipped from my belt and tumbled to the wooden floor, landing face-up between us. I froze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt stooped instinctively to pick it up. "Whoa, I probably knocked that off, sorry—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The moment his fingers touched the mask, a jolt of magic surged between them both. A flash of golden light burst from the carved eyes, and Ratt recoiled with a sharp gasp, yelping as if burned. The mask thudded back to the floor, its edges still humming faintly, a whisper of energy curling into the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Wh-what was that? What just happened?” Ratt stared in wide-eyed horror at the mask, clutching the hand that had touched it. His fingers trembled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“I… don’t know. I’ve never seen it do that before,” I said, crouching quickly to retrieve it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">But Ratt didn’t move. He kept staring at his hand, dazed. “I… I saw something. Just for a second. A castle. It was… it was raining. And I heard a girl’s voice. She was calling out—calling your name. I think she was crying.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My heart tightened, though I didn’t know why. “You heard someone calling me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He nodded faintly, eyes distant. “Yeah… I didn’t recognize her. But it felt... important. Like she was in trouble.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I crouched and picked up the mask again. The carved face was still warm beneath my fingers, as if it had absorbed the heat of that moment. A hollow weight settled in my chest. Whoever Ratt saw—whoever she was—I knew that voice once. I was sure of it. But the memory was locked away, just out of reach.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt rubbed his palm again and looked at me. “It didn’t feel like just a vision. It felt like… like I was supposed to hear her.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I met his eyes and gave a slow nod, more for his sake than mine. “I'm sure it was just a weird residual effect of the magic in this mask...” I said, though I wasn’t sure what it meant.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Still, as I strapped my Hero’s Mask firmly back onto my belt, I couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something important that I was forgetting. What was that voice he heard? Who did it belong to?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I glanced at Ratt, who was still staring at the floor, his brows furrowed in confusion and wonder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Are you okay?” I asked softly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“I think so,” he murmured, blinking as if waking from a dream. “That was just... a weird feeling is all.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I pulled my lips into a tight smile as I brushed some dust off my former, familiar features etched in the wood and strapped the mask firmly back onto my belt. My hands lingered there a moment longer than necessary.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Well, whatever it was, we’ll figure it out later. Let’s continue where we left off, if you still want to keep going…?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt nodded and shook himself out of the daze, taking position again. We resumed the motions—I would strike, and he would take my arm. Slowly but surely, he began to get the hang of it. When he nearly perfected the maneuver, I saw a hopeful gleam in his eyes. That spark of determination again, catching fire. I couldn't help but grin back at him as he held my arm in a secure grip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Just then the heavy door swung open with Geroh loudly grunting. One look at us and he shook his head with a knowing smile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Oh don’t let me interrupt! I see the two of ya are learnin’ some smooth moves, eh? Hahahah!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt flinched and let go of my arm at once, the motion sharp and sheepish. A rush of heat crept up my neck, and I suddenly found the floorboards terribly interesting, cheeks flushing with a bashful red as Geroh’s gaze swept the room. I straightened quickly, brushing imaginary dust from my gloves, trying to recover a sense of composure.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Anyways, I got that cart all ready for youse guys. Just, uh, return it when you're done, kid," he said with a wink. "Here, I'll help ya move this thing onto it, free o’ charge. The emissary and her fairy can wait outside, youse both watch the cart, eh? Don’t want no one takin’ off with it. This part of town ain’t, uh… exactly peaches and cream, ya know?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was all too eager to walk out of the building with Tatl hovering beside me, the warm glow of the morning sun brushing my face like a balm. Just outside the door stood a large pushcart with four thick wooden wheels. It looked sturdy enough—probably used for hauling crates, barrels, or whatever other illicit goods Geroh dealt in when fewer eyes were watching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Sooo how was your little training session?” Tatl suddenly cut in, sarcasm dripping from her tiny mouth. “I saw the whole thing hehe. You sure you wouldn’t rather stay in town and pick flowers for him? Maybe go on a romantic getaway before the apocalypse?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“What are you talking about? He just wanted to learn how to fight.” I shot a glare at her, hating that she saw more than I wanted to show. “Look, you know as well as I do that he won’t survive with those pirates looking for him. He needs to know how to defend himself.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Riiiight, so all that blushing was just for defense, huh? I saw the way you two looked at each other. You’re practically glowing.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“I was not blushing,” I muttered, far too quickly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Sure you weren’t,” Tatl giggled, doing an exaggerated spin midair. "Just sayin’, he might not be the only one who needs a little protection if you catch my drift.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was about to shoot back something sharp when a loud laugh erupted from within the shop, followed by the heavy thuds of wood and metal scraping across the floor. Geroh emerged, pushing the barrel ahead with a grunt, and Ratt right behind him—his face crimson, eyes locked on the ground as if hoping it might swallow him whole.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Whatever Geroh had said during their short walk, he was clearly proud of it. The man was still chuckling, nudging the barrel into place on the cart with a final shove. Ratt barely glanced up as he moved behind the cart to steady it, his cheeks still glowing, and not from exertion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright, kid, be sure to bring that thing back. And don't get into too much trouble, yeah?" Geroh called out, casting me another wink.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt rubbed the back of his neck and muttered something under his breath, eyes darting to the side with a sheepish smile that vanished almost as quickly as it appeared. He glanced off toward the cart as though its wooden frame held the answers to his embarrassment. I caught that flicker of warmth before he buried it, and I scowled grumpily. There was no way I was going to fall for this scrappy kid. What was I even thinking?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My chest tightened with something sharp and unwelcome. It was infuriating—how easily that dumb grin could undo me. I hated that my thoughts even flickered that way, hated how they made me feel softer, smaller... like the girl everyone kept assuming I was. Like something delicate instead of dangerous. This wasn’t me. I wasn’t here to smile and blush and wonder what someone thought of me. I was here to fight. To fix what was broken.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don't worry, we've been in enough trouble," I stated, the edge in my voice harder than I meant it to be.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha! I bet you have..." The stocky shopkeep looked me up and down and laughed before walking back inside. "Good luck, and thanks for taking that kid off my hands."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The door shut with a heavy thud and the locks clicked into place. Ratt seemed eager to be moving on, so I moved to his side to help him push the heavy cart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ready?" I grunted with a shove of the cart. "We're going to the north side, that's where the Gorons said they'd be last time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh yeah, that's fine. We'll have to take the main streets though."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh great…It'll take all day to get there!" Tatl groaned. "Why do we have to keep dealing with these tourists?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We both ignored the fairy and began pushing the cart. The wooden wheels creaked forward with surprising ease, and we rolled into the now-crowded streets, swallowed by the mingled scents of roasted nuts, animal dung, and overripe fruit. Shouts and laughter tangled with the clatter of hooves and jingling coin purses, the noise washing over us in chaotic waves. The going was agonizingly slow, and grew ever slower as the day progressed. The cacophony of a thousand conversations, not to mention the constant juggling of people bumping into us, made me wonder how the heavy Goron child could possibly be sleeping through the trip. However, we eventually made it to the much quieter northern park as the sun lingered above the western horizon, the trees casting long shadows over the area. Both Ratt and I were gasping for breath and I wished I had used my mask for extra strength. A flicker of stubborn pride kept me from reaching for it earlier, but now that pride felt a little foolish in the face of my aching muscles and burning lungs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl sat on top of the cart, throwing tiny pebbles she had gathered from the road into the barrel out of boredom. Yet we finally reached the north gate after a grueling journey. The guard posted at the gate looked rather disheveled and banged up with dents the size of a small dog in his chest plate armor, a sight that made me pause—was he brave for still standing, or just too stubborn to know when to retreat? and accosted us before we could get through.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"H-hey! Where are you kids going? Haven't you heard? Monsters are everywhere outside of town!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, but we have important cargo to deliver. If you don't let us through then people could die!" Ratt rushed to explain, stretching the truth mildly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right. Well then you wouldn't mind me checking this cargo…" The guard immediately peeked inside the barrel and suddenly leapt back in fearful surprise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"T-that's the baby Goron! What a-are you doing with it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We're taking him back to his people, you better let us through before things get any worse." I calmly explained between heavy breaths.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Huh? How did you…? Gods what am I doing? Go go go! Get that thing out of town! I'm not gonna stop you, I learned my lesson when I tried holding back the other Gorons this morning!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The guard rushed to join us behind the cart and began to frantically push it out the gate. We joined him in forcing the cart just beyond the gate, and the guard gave one last oomph and pointed in the direction of a plume of black smoke coming from a copse of trees as he walked back inside the gate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The other Gorons made camp over there, but I recommend you just drop the cart off right at the first tree and run back. Those Gorons aren't as friendly as the old stories say they are. The really big guy almost killed me this morning!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I think we'll be fine, thanks." I waved back as we continued to shove the cart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The cowardly guard muttered something rude under his breath about dumb kids deserving death. I rolled my eyes but bit my tongue—no use wasting breath on someone who'd already lost face to a pack of angry Gorons.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK...almost there you two...ungh!" </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah. Almost. My legs feel like chu jelly…" Ratt huffed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Speak for yourself! I'm so bored I might just fly off and fight those monsters myself—and honestly, I’d probably get there faster than you two." came a high-pitched voice dripping with sarcasm from within the barrel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The little white pixie leapt onto the rim of the cart and stretched languidly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"At least we're almost there—though I was starting to wonder if you'd be pushing this thing all the way into tomorrow. Seriously, Link, ever heard of using your magic mask for something </span>
      <span class="c35">useful</span>
      <span class="c33">? Or are you saving it for dramatic effect? You'd be much stronger with it on."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't...need it, Tatl. I can push it just fine." I puffed, "Why don't...urgh... you just enjoy the free ride?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">In truth I just didn't want to deal with the pain of transformation, my body had been through enough for one day. Besides...finding a hiding spot to change would just take more time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Eh, suit yourself. I'm actually enjoying myself!" Tatl shrugged and jumped back into the barrel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The sky grew dark as the sun dipped beneath the skyline, and crickets began to chirp peacefully as the cart rumbled slowly to the trees.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The sweet evening air filled my heaving lungs, mixed with the mildly spicy scent of pine needles—a strangely calming aroma that settled my nerves, reminding me for a fleeting moment of my old home in the Kokiri Woods. The sounds of faint, forlorn chanting could be heard within the grove as well rumbled past the first trees. A bright warm glow hinted at a large bonfire burning in the woods and the rhythmic vocal tones grew louder the further we went.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The cart suddenly creaked loudly and a crack could be heard from one of the wheels. The heavy barrel slid off the frame with a deafening crash with a tiny squeak sounding from inside it as the right wheel essentially splintered to pieces. The melancholy voices immediately turned to angry bellows as what sounded like a rock avalanche thundered towards us. My breath caught in my throat, instincts screaming to run—but I held my ground, heart hammering, hands twitching toward my satchel out of habit. This wasn't a battle I wanted, but I would be ready if it became one.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What the…! Intruders? Thieves? Don't let them escape!" A deep, authoritative voice boomed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I rushed to the barrel to try dumping the slumbering Goron to show that I came in peace. The kid plunked onto the ground just in time as three massive Gorons crashed through the branches, surrounding us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"State your business or else, humans!" One of the stoney giants bellowed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Brothers! I bring you good news!" I bellowed up at him in turn. "We found your stolen child! We have brought him back to you in a show of good faith!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gestured to the ever-sleeping child and the speaker lumbered over to him in shock.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How… did you know we were looking for him?" He asked with an astounded expression.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's a long story… but the important thing is that he's here, and safe."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmph. Were it my judgment alone, I'd grind you into gravel where you stand. Humans lie with honeyed tongues and take what is not theirs. But the chief alone will decide your fate. Move—before I change my mind."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The speaker hoisted the child into his arms and walked back towards the fire while the other two motioned us to follow him. The sharp tang of smoke and crushed herbs thickened the air as we stepped deeper into the grove, and the weight of a dozen silent stares prickled along the back of my neck. A large bonfire, with flames reaching at least five meters into the air, sat at the center of the clearing. Several Gorons were crowded around something near the fire, an altar maybe, only briefly looking at us before continuing their melodic chanting and waving herbs through the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A very ancient, haggard Goron slowly ambled with a stone cane over to the leader with the child from a spot looking over the huddled group. The smaller elder exchanged quick words with the younger in hushed tones, the two of them likely trying to decide on if we were a threat or not. A few minutes later, an agreement was apparently reached and the elder goron looked to us. He walked towards us with his painfully thin legs visibly shaking beneath his massively bulbous body, but he didn't falter. The ancient chieftain's hunched shoulders appeared as if they bore a thousand problems, and the deep cracks in his face creased in thought as the elder looked us over. I stood a little straighter under his gaze, feeling as if my every secret might be drawn out and judged. Something about him made my palms itch with unease, like I was a child again standing before the Deku Tree after doing something wrong. The younger Goron carrying the child was much taller physically than the elder, but the chieftain carried himself in such a way that demanded respect. After looking at me with faded blue eyes, he finally spoke in a frail, whispy voice before reaching into a pouch to withdraw a lens in the shape of an eye.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So… no matter who or what you say you are. “We will find out the truth. And if we do not like what we see… you and your friend will die."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My stomach tightened, a cold knot twisting behind my ribs. I instinctively shifted my weight, one hand brushing near my satchel where the mask waited—familiar, dangerous, reassuring. I kept my face calm, but the Elder Goron's eyes made me feel exposed, as though even my heartbeat might betray me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
