<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_22"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.vu41wlua4tbo">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Six</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.kixz7sbbehy6">
      <span class="c14">The Blighted Temple</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c39">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">By the time I left the cave, the entire host of lizalfos was in chaotic disarray. As soon as I stepped from the shadows, the creatures noticed and scrambled over each other to flee. More than a few of them fell into the corrosive waters and their screams of agony were drowned out by the general retreat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl, who was still flying above the lake, spotted me as well and rushed down to my side.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Where did you go? I couldn't find you anywhere!" The fairy jabbered on, "And what happened to you? Why are all these dummies running around like crazed cuckoos?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, long story short, I think I killed their leader… who happened to be one of those dinolfos." I answered and cringed when I gently tapped my broken ribs. "I guess I took a few good hits, but don't worry. This deku mask will hopefully patch me up."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The Deku mask fitted neatly to my face, its wooden surface cool against my skin. As the magic took hold, a soothing warmth seeped into my bones, like sunlight pouring through a fog. My aching ribs eased with a gentle tingling sensation, as though invisible hands were knitting my wounds back together. The weight of exhaustion lightened just enough for me to breathe fully again, the pain beginning to melt into a distant echo.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wow…. the things I miss when I'm not with you for only an hour." Tatl jokingly moped, then glanced at my hands. "Hey, nice ring by the way! Is there a treasure trove in there or something?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmmm? Oh right, this thing. If you count dead bodies and skeletons as treasure, then yes just piles of it!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ewww you took that from a corpse? Gross!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No! Nothing like that! A bunch of fairies gave it to me. I think that could be another Great Fairy fountain..." I casually remarked as the pain receded from my thoughts, relaxing in the faint yet warm energy of the sun hiding behind the bleak clouds above.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Huh… I had heard rumors of a fountain in the southern swamp, but I figured they were just tall tales."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well they're true. Ahh… this feels amazing..." Came my muffled reply as my body went numb.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey come on now, focus!" The fairy chimed and clapped her hands. "Did she tell you anything else?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was becoming oddly sleepy, but answered Tatl's distant query. "Yeah, we gotta get to the temple...or something...mmm."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What temple? There's nothing here except rotten garbage and poisoned water…. Hello? Are you listening? Link!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Her voice drifted away in muted silence, in fact all the sounds around me faded away. Yet I didn't pay it any mind, I was far too comfortable to care. I shut my eyes and drifted into a deep sleep… though something in the way it overtook me felt wrong. The warmth from the mask, once soothing, grew strangely heavy—as if wrapping me in vines that tightened ever so slightly with each breath. My limbs felt weighted, thoughts fogged, and the usual whispers of the world dulled into silence. It wasn’t simple tiredness. It was as though something ancient and unseen had gently, irresistibly rooted me in place, and I was too weary to fight back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">All of a sudden, the world rushed back and I felt the soft wood of the mask pull away from my face, with Tatl twinkling over me in fearful concern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wake up! Come on wake up, Link! Link??"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My companion began to frantically tug at me and, slowly, groggily, I sat up.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Calm down, Tatl. What's wrong?" I yawned loudly and the fairy ceased her hair-pulling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You passed out and fell to the ground! I thought for sure you were a goner when you didn't move or answer. It must have been this thing!" She threw down the demi mask in disgust. "It's filled with who knows what kind of magic, and obviously dangerous! All of these crazy masks are!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? I don't remember falling…" I paused and realized I was sitting on the boardwalk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well... regardless of the danger, at least you're not as bruised and beat up anymore. I was terrified, Link—I thought you were gone. When you passed out like that and didn’t move, I—I panicked. It healed you, sure, but it also seemed to be paralyzing you. You were barely breathing. It’s like... it was feeding off you while it fixed you. That thing might be powerful, but it’s also dangerous... seriously dangerous. Please, just... remember what the Mask Salesman said. These masks have minds of their own sometimes."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes yes, I remember, it's impossible to forget..." I sighed and picked the mask up, brushing off the muck. "I don't know why you're so worked up about it though."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stood up and started walking forward past the fairy when an unexpected outburst sounded from Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why?! It's because you-!….well…" her tiny voice paused, "You're…. the closest thing I have to a friend…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">The pixie's quiet sincerity caught me off guard, stopping me in my tracks like a sudden gust of wind. I glanced back in surprise, her words stirring something raw and fragile inside me—a flicker of recognition, maybe even guilt. For a moment, the din of danger and masks faded, and I felt the rare, delicate weight of being seen. I didn’t just hear her—I </span>
      <span class="c35">felt</span>
      <span class="c33"> her. The hurt, the loneliness, the hope. It cracked through my armor in a place I hadn’t realized was soft. I didn't know how to respond, so I stared at her in awkward silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I...I don't have many friends." Tatl continued somberly, her voice trembling at the edges. "Well, actually, now I don't have any… And I've never met a human like...you...before. Most humans give up the second trouble comes calling, but you… you keep going, despite all you've been through. Even though I taunt you and make fun of you… you're still here. You didn't leave…unlike everyone else. And because of that, I consider you as my one and only friend."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn't expect those words to hit so hard...but they did, cutting past all the hard scars within my heart that a hero's life had put there. I looked at the tiny creature—my companion, my guide, my unexpected confidante—and a slow smile formed across my face as I stepped toward her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Wait, are you telling me we </span>
      <span class="c35">aren’t</span>
      <span class="c33"> friends yet? Pfft, I considered us to be friends before we even left Clock Town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You… did?" She paused, her wings fluttering nervously. She studied my face for any trace of mockery and, finding none, returned my smile. "Ya know, this is how you get yourself in trouble, dummy. You're far too trusting, hehe."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah well, so are you!" I teased, waving my hands playfully and pretending to catch her. "I could easily squish you like a beetle."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Okay okay, sheesh! Knock it off before you </span>
      <span class="c35">do</span>
      <span class="c33"> flatten me!" She zipped away with a mock-squeal, circling back a few times in exaggerated panic. "What would you do then, huh? You wouldn't have any idea what to do next without me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Our laughter echoed through the fog-thick air—short-lived, maybe, but real. And real was rare. For that breath of a moment, the world was less heavy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Then it returned. I snapped my fingers, suddenly remembering our task—our </span>
      <span class="c35">mission</span>
      <span class="c33">. The swamp still needed saving, and it wasn’t going to wait for two new friends to finish their heart-to-heart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh right! The fairies in that cave said the temple was hidden underneath this lake, and to ring a gong to reveal it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"A gong? I think I saw something like that on that rock tower over there." She pointed at an old pillar rising from the middle of the lake.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yep, that's probably the one." Slinging the camouflaged hide over my shoulders, I began walking. "Let's go teach that monster a lesson."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl agreed and we maneuvered around heaps of garbage and waste strewn throughout the now deserted camp. Several scaly bodies were dissolving in the caustic lake below us, their flesh sloughing off like melted wax into the greenish sludge. Tendrils of acrid smoke coiled up from the bubbling surface, choking the air with a stench that reminded me of burning hair and rotting meat. I gagged reflexively, the bitter taste of bile rising in my throat, but I forced it down—there was no time to dwell on the horrors of this scene, not now</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">When we arrived near the stone column in the center, the wooden path to the top had been destroyed and ended in a splintered mess. If there was any way to reach the top, I'd have to jump and climb the craggy pillar walls. After a clap and rub of my hands, I took a deep breath, steeling myself against the jolt of fear that twisted in my gut. My heart pounded, and the sweat on my palms made the leap feel even riskier. But there was no other choice—I had to try. I leapt across the gap, barely catching the rough edges with my thin fingers. I tried to keep my eyes skyward, avoiding any thoughts of falling into the acidic poison below as a surprised Tatl zipped over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa whoa! Easy there! You didn't tell me you were going to jump!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What…urghh… other way do you think… ugh..there is?" I panted out as I climbed, which was not an easy feat with the heavy cloak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I know, but </span>
      <span class="c35">geez! </span>
      <span class="c33">You could give me a warning next time!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK...fair enough… Whew!" I grunted as I pulled myself up over the ledge.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The top of the pillar had three statues of a Deku, a Monkey, and a Human positioned around a central ring, representing the three races of the swamp. Within the middle ring was a large, stone owl holding a rusted bronze gong within its open beak. A golden mallet rested on a thin pedestal built beside the statue's spread wings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, here goes nothing… " I shrugged to Tatl and picked up the astonishingly light hammer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Swinging the mallet with all the strength I had, the gong tolled with a deep </span>
      <span class="c35">BWOOOOONNNNNNNG!</span>
      <span class="c33"> that reverberated through the entire crater. I braced myself on one of the human statues as the area began to shake and rumble. A few moments later, large ripples formed in the middle of the lake as the quaking intensified. The ripples became great waves and soon a mountainous pyramid erupted from the roiling waters! Tatl and I took cover under the widespread wings of the owl statue as purple sludge rained down from the monumental structure as it continued to rise with waterfalls pouring from its ridges and openings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Finally the shaking calmed and the temple ceased its ascent. A stone bridge extended and rumbled from the middle of the column and thudded against the temple entrance, and a massive stone door rose open, grinding into place and revealing a dark passageway into the pyramid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Um… right. I guess we found the temple." Tatl declared in awe as I moved out from under the owl's wings. "Yeah, ok, I'll just...uhh... follow after you…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh come now, it's not that bad! It's just a dark tunnel leading into a building that's likely filled with monsters, and a giant undead warrior probably lying in wait as well." I scoffed and headed across the bridge. "But thanks for letting me go first into an ancient doorway that won't lead to my doom…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fairy slowly followed after me. "Well...you know what they say, ladies first."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stopped at the entrance, rolling my eyes and mock-glared at the fairy. I made a gesture with my hands like I was crushing a bug, and Tatl feigned a hurt expression. She soon zipped under the scaled hide when a deep growl suddenly emanated from the black depths. I drew the deep hood of the scaly cloak over my head, swallowing hard as I stepped forward. A pulse of unease beat against my ribs, but I forced it down—fear wouldn't help me here. I set my jaw, clenched my fists, and walked into the darkness with a fierce determination, daring whatever lay ahead to try and break me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The air grew colder as we stepped deeper inside, and even our footsteps sounded wrong....swallowed too quickly by the oppressive stillness. Inside the temple, wall-sconces were lit with dim, pale-yellow flames. The ground was slick with reddish-brown algae, and overgrown vines coated in spiderwebs hung overhead. Swathes of purple ooze mixed with the algae in lengthy patches down the hall. To either side of us were high walls of mossy brick depicting time-worn images of humans, lizalfos, monkeys, and deku fighting amongst burning trees and dwellings. Sounds of eerie clanging, originating from the temple depths, echoed around us as I continued down the hall, and the chiseled images shifted to a scene of the humans allying with the deku and monkey tribes to chase away the army of monsters. A giant humanoid with dark eyes and bizarrely elongated limbs jointed to a small, round body rose up behind the tribes, but any further images were destroyed by deep, scouring gashes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The ambient noises around us grew louder as the hallway expanded into a great chamber filled with darkness. I could vaguely see the edges of trees or roots within the room, but something caught my eye as it shifted in the shadows. I peered closer, and watched intently as I stepped beyond the hall and entered the room. My foot caught on a root or vine and I stumbled forward, cursing my clumsiness when all of a sudden, hundreds of tiny red eyes appeared and turned to see whatever foolish creature had just entered their domain. I backed away slowly, stepping carefully, as it was apparent that the monsters couldn't see me and I wanted to keep it that way.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl," I quietly summoned the fairy. "Do you know what these things are?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What?" The fairy peeked out from behind the cloak. "I've never seen anything like that…. what do we do?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I say we sneak around them, they can't see us…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Not realizing that Tatl had given us away with her luminescent body, I jumped when the creatures squeaked loudly in alarm and began to move toward us like a blanket of pure shadow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Aaaand </span>
      <span class="c35">now</span>
      <span class="c33"> they see us." I reached for my bow and worked it out from under the cloak. "Let's see if they like fire!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl flew out from cover as I drew back the string, "Fire? What do you-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She didn't have a chance to finish when the ring flashed with the first launched arrow, catching the magic bolt ablaze. Bright flashes of piercing flames incinerated groups of the dark balls as I shot arrow after arrow. The new ring I'd found was growing hotter and hotter after each fiery blast. Finally, after shooting off one last bolt, the burning projectile took out whatever few creatures remained and the room was empty save for us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I think that's the last of th-...Agghhh!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shrieked at the searing heat on my finger and frantically flung the white-hot ring to the ground, letting the bow clatter to the stone floor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What happened?" Tatl twinkled and flew out. " Did you get bit or something?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I slipped my glove off and caressed my blistering finger, shaking heavy the hood from my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No! The damn ring practically caught fire and burned me! It just caught me off guard..." I grumbled and stuck the throbbing finger into my mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You weren't the only one caught off guard! How'd you do that?" The fairy inquired as she focused her attention on the dimming ring. "I didn't know you could use fire."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The ring is imbued with fire magic. I guess it affects magic weapons too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Odd… it's crazy how you find all these things. I never found anything like that before I met you, and we sure coulda used your luck...oh...I didn't mean-."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Eh…" I shrugged and pulled on the glove and hood before placing the warm ring on a different finger. "It's a curse…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Just then, a slow, steady shuffling grew louder as a massive shape began to materialize within the gloom of the temple. The stench of a thousand corpses filled my nostrils, thick and cloying, like rotting meat left in stagnant water under a summer sun. It triggered a sharp gag reflex and pulled an old memory to the surface—a battlefield outside Castle Town, where the wind had carried a similar fetid reek. My stomach turned as the air thickened, suffocating and heavy, sticking to the inside of my throat like tar., made even worse by the tepid air, and I knew... Odalwa had come.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl chimed in fear and rushed back into my cloak, and the cursed being noticed the movement. I frantically searched for cover as the hulking monster lunged toward the me, and I barely managed to dive behind a hanging root before the jagged blade created sparks where I stood not a second before, knocking my bow across the room. I silently cursed myself for not picking up the bow sooner, hidden behind the camouflaged hood, while Odalwa moaned in rage of losing its target. Loud gasps of air sucked into the wooden mask as it sniffed around, hunting us, and I tightly gripped the witch's medallion that hung around my neck, holding my breath as the monster passed us by.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I waited for the beast to get some distance before daring to move again, and silently skittered to another tree. My blue fairy bow was lying on the floor directly across from me, unfortunately Odalwa was right beside it. I crouched as low as I could, and slowly tried to get a bit closer while looking for more cover. There wasn't much. From what I could see now that my eyes were more adjusted to the darkness, the high ceiling was held up by six stone pillars covered in vines that I mistook before as tree roots. Unlit torches in sconces were situated around the eight walls, which made the room a large octagon with two exits. One exit was where we entered, the other had no telling of where it led to and was unfortunately being watched by Odalwa. If I could only get to my bow without being discovered, I could at least fight back. I felt my small partner stir around my arm and I very faintly shushed her, thankfully she got the message and remained silent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Other than the noxious, heavy breathing of the monster, the temple was deathly still and silent. I painstakingly inched forward bit by bit, each movement bringing me closer to either my weapon or to my doom. I could feel beads of sweat forming on my forehead from the humid chamber, and I tried unsuccessfully to swipe them away. I rounded the edge of the pillar closest to the weapon, and Odalwa, so focused on my foot placement that I didn't see the dry tiny root hanging near my head. The twig snapped as I brushed by it, a sound like thunder in the quiet chamber, and Odalwa unleashed a horrifying bellow and rushed forth, thrusting its blade wildly about towards the noise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Abandoning my stealthy approach, I sprinted as fast as I could to the fallen bow, buffeting Tatl around within my cloak while doing my best to dodge the mad assault. I reached out for the magic weapon, letting instinct take over as I flipped it up into my hands, rolled backwards and aimed directly for the undead giant's mask. The bright, flaming bolt of energy lit up the room like the sun, accompanied by a thunderous </span>
      <span class="c35">crack</span>
      <span class="c33"> that echoed through the chamber and sent a rush of heat and air rippling outward from the point of impact. catching the monster's attention as it trampled towards me in blind fury. The bolt sailed through the darkness and exploded upon contact with the hard wood of the mask. Thick, acrid smoke filled the room, clawing down my throat and scalding my lungs with each breath. The stench of scorched rot clung to the air, and the heat surged in chaotic waves, making my head spin. My boots scraped blindly over the stone floor as I stumbled away from the screeching monster, heart hammering, senses overwhelmed by the searing, smoke-choked darkness. Aside from the flaming giant, seeing anything within the smoke-filled darkness of the chamber was near impossible now, and I fumbled around on all fours, feeling around with my hands as I struggled to breath. I looked back to vaguely see Odalwa tearing away its burning mask. It was bashing its way into pillars and walls, making the temple grounds tremble. I managed to spot one of the torches lining the walls, I had to see where I was going so I caught another bolt on fire and let it fly, setting the torch ablaze. Although the smoke refracted most of the light, I could at least see my surroundings now. I was also far enough away from Odalwa that I could shoot it again with more precise aim. I readied the bow, once more aiming for the mask of the flailing monster, and took the shot. Odalwa must have seen the arrow zipping towards it and raised its shield. The arrow was effortlessly deflected and immediately extinguished. I fired off a few more bolts but they were useless against the raised shield, and the monster began to move forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now what!?" Tatl shouted fearfully, now apparently out of cover. "What do we do? Run away?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I glanced toward the exit . Odalwa must have read my mind because it looked at the exit too, and leapt up in an astonishingly agile move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nope, not anymore!" I answered and backed into the wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I could swear I heard the monster wheeze out a heaving laugh and it stepped closer, blocking off any chance of escape with its blade.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Well you have to do </span>
      <span class="c35">something!</span>
      <span class="c33">" The fairy cried, "Put on your mask!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh I'll try, see if you can distract him!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl made a noise that was part fear, part annoyance, and part determination, and darted around Odalwa's head, who proceeded to swat at her like a fly. I groped at my mask and hurriedly slapped it to my face. After the now-familiar cracking and reshaping between forms, I rushed at the monster with sword drawn and shield ready, ignoring the burning in my lungs from the smoky room. Odalwa saw me coming but was clearly caught off guard, and raised its shield only just before I dealt a hefty blow. The impact shook my arm only a little, but I still kept swinging, dodging, blocking, and swinging again, caught within a deadly waltz.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">After what seemed like hours, I finally managed to whittle away at the huge shield until it was nothing but splinters. Odalwa moaned in angry disbelief and jumped back. I dashed at it once more, but it faded into a dark mist, and my sword slashed nothing but smoke and air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? Where did he go!" I called out to Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm…. Ummm…" She looked and flitted around, "I don't know, I can't see anything in here! It's too dark...woah look out!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I heard the whoosh just as my companion spoke out, and rolled to the side. My heavier weight made the maneuver more difficult and I didn't get very far, but I dodged the weapon just the same. I turned to face my attacker, which was a bulkier lizalfos in steel armor and a curved sword that was more sickle than sword, and it came at me once more. I knocked aside its blade, and tried to run it through. But it flipped through the air on powerful legs and nearly knocked my head off with a sharp attachment on its tail. I took a mental note and immediately attacked, not giving it a chance to recover. The lizalfos must've been expecting a deathblow with its tail strike, and didn't turn around fast enough. I sliced through the tail and left foot, spun, and with a twist of my wrist the reptilian head went spinning along the stone floor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Suddenly, the lit torch of the room went out and we were cast in darkness. We began to hear an eerie chanting echo through the chamber, and the shadows seemed to coagulate and form into vague outlines of more lizalfos. One of them must have jumped at me as a sharp stinging pain drew across my shield arm. I lashed out with my sword and felt a cool splash wash over me, indicating a successful blow I assumed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, use your bow! Hurry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I heard the fairy and knew exactly what she was thinking, I plucked off my mask, heart pounding like a war drum in my chest, and awkwardly dashed away from the army of darkness. My breath came in sharp, panicked gasps as I felt my body twist and shrink back to its natural state, each bone and tendon pulling inward like a tightening coil. The sensation was no longer painful, but eerily smooth—like a memory being reversed. The sudden lightness in my frame made me stagger, and I couldn’t tell if it was relief or dread that filled me. My fingers trembled as I reached out to steady myself, the world tilting from the shift, the adrenaline clawing at my throat as shadows reached for me with hungry fingers. There was no time to think—only to flee, to regroup, to survive....to give me more time. Tatl's light helped a little in dodging shadowy assaults, but it wasn't nearly enough in the smoky room. Thankfully I soon felt the bow appear on my back again, and feeling much lighter on my feet I jumped forward and shot off an arrow directly behind me. Thin yelps of the incorporeal creatures filled my ears as my arrow burst into flames, giving me enough time to aim for another torch. Tatl knew my plan and rushed along the walls, stopping at the nearest sconce. I nodded, she darted away, and I set the wall ablaze. The shadowy mist was swept away by the brightness and more hollow shrieks cried out as the summoned creatures faded into oblivion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl and I set our minds on creating as much light as possible, and following the same method as before, the room was nearly as bright as day except for the middle of the chamber. The dark, billowing mist coalesced together in the center, and Odalwa reformed itself, its body stitching together in a grotesque ballet of twitching muscle and steaming ichor. Moaning in rage, the monster gripped its own flesh with clawed hands and tore chunks of purple, jelly-like matter from its abdomen and arms. The goop pulsed faintly, trailing threads of smoke and a noxious stench as it hurled the globules with savage precision. The sight turned my stomach—it wasn’t just attacking, it was mutilating itself to do so, like some nightmare caught in a loop of endless suffering. I dodged to the side and it missed me by a few feet. Only, as I realized too late, I wasn't the intended target. The torch was now extinguished and covered in toxic sludge, the monster was trying to plunge the area in darkness once more.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, he's…!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I know I know!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I had to act fast, so I shot arrow after arrow, each one white and brilliant, exploding against the creature. The blasts cracked through the temple chamber like distant thunder, echoing off the stone walls, but Odalwa didn’t flinch. The monster continued its grotesque assault, tearing globs of its own flesh to douse the torchlight, moaning with madness and fury. Each arrow left a scorch mark, a flash of hope—and then despair as the beast shrugged them off.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I grit my teeth and focused my will into the ring on my hand. The next arrow flared orange, a streak of fire erupting from the string—but even as the blaze licked across the monster's grotesque mask, it didn’t slow. The fire singed its hide, but didn’t pierce the curse that kept it standing. The stench of burning rot choked the air, heavy and acidic in my lungs. My heart raced. This wasn’t working.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Something deeper stirred in me. Desperation. Fury. I reached past the fire, past the fear, and willed the bow itself to respond—not just as a weapon, but as an extension of my soul. My grip tightened until my knuckles went white, and the string thrummed with an unnatural tension. I poured my full intent into it: </span>
      <span class="c42">kill this thing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The arrow that formed wasn’t like the others. It shimmered to life in a shaft of radiant, kaleidoscopic light—each hue shifting like breath across water, impossible to name or hold in the mind. It vibrated with a sound I felt more than heard, like a memory just out of reach. Even Tatl gasped, her glow flashing in surprise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">With a cry that came from the very bottom of my chest, I loosed the shot. The arrow didn’t fly—it </span>
      <span class="c35">sang</span>
      <span class="c33">, tearing through the air like a falling star, and struck Odalwa square in the face. Time seemed to halt. The monster reeled, its limbs contorting wildly, its scream a raw, primal sound that shattered the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And then—light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A blinding, rippling pulse surged outward as the arrow melted through its skull, tearing the darkness apart. The temple shook violently, dust and loose stones cascading from the ceiling, and I was thrown to the ground. For a moment, there was only ringing in my ears, white and absolute.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And then… something inside me gave.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It wasn’t pain. It was absence. A soft tearing, like parchment ripped from the spine of an old book. I felt a name vanish from my mind, a detail I couldn’t place—like waking from a dream and knowing you’ve forgotten something precious. Ear-splitting roars made me seize the sides of my head, a pulsing pressure building behind my eyes like my skull was being split in two. I lost my train of thought as I clapped my hands to my head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I curled into a trembling ball on the floor, heart pounding, lungs heaving, every nerve alight with pain and fear. Beside me, Tatl writhed in equal torment, her glow flickering wildly. All I could do was endure, pray the storm would pass, and hold fast to the fragile thread of survival in the chaos. The white-orange flames engulfing the undead terror suddenly turned a sickly green, and erupted up into the ceiling. Then.... silence. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Thick, unnatural, the kind that presses against your eardrums and makes your heartbeat sound deafening. Smoke curled in slow spirals through the air, the only movement in a room otherwise frozen in aftermath. I stayed crouched, trembling, the stench of scorched rot and ash clinging to my lungs while my mind struggled to believe the monster was truly gone. Even Tatl, ever quick to speak, hovered beside me in stunned quiet. Only the distant drip of water and the faint crackle of dying fire reminded me the world was still turning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My whole head was ringing as I stood up and looked around, the air still hazy with curling smoke and the glow of dying embers casting flickering shadows across the slick, damp stone. A faint chill began to seep  into the ground beneath my boots, making the temple feel more like a tomb than a battlefield won. The stench of burnt moss and scorched rot clung to the air. Nothing remained of Odalwa but that horrific mask, still smoldering where it fell.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Seeing Tatl still lying on the cold stone ground, a spike of worry pierced my haze—sharper than any wound I’d taken. For a breathless instant, the thought of losing her, after everything we'd just survived, after the way she'd called me her only friend... it made my chest tighten with something worse than fear. I knelt and gently scooped her into my hands, checking her over for any sign of injury.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey," I said softly. "I... I think it's over. Are you alright?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? It's over?!" she shouted, a little too loudly, blinking hard. "I can't hear you—my head feels like a scrambled egg!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I winced as the vibration of her voice sent a throb through my temples. "I think we won," I repeated, louder this time. "See?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I pointed to the center of the chamber, where Odalwa’s grotesque mask lay smoking on the baked floor like a discarded nightmare. Heat shimmered around it in waves, and the air above it pulsed faintly with an eerie, ghostly blue hue—as though the mask's spirit still clung to the world, unwilling to vanish.The glow wasn’t steady; it flickered like a dying flame underwater, casting long, distorted shadows against the soot-streaked walls. Faint motes of light—like ash suspended in magic—drifted lazily in the haze, spinning gently in the residual energy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The dim sconces lining the chamber flickered lower in reverence or fear, and the blue light’s reflection danced in pools of stagnant water between cracked tiles, stretching the mask’s warped face into unearthly shapes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It radiated menace even in defeat, a cursed relic refusing to die quietly. Tatl slowly fluttered up from my palm, wobbling in the air, her face stricken with disbelief.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait… we actually survived?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Looks like it," I said with a half-laugh, still catching my breath. "I’m honestly amazed we’re still standing."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right…" she murmured, and her gaze shifted to my arm. "Except that there's a really big gash there. It's bleeding pretty badly! You should probably wrap it up with something."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I glanced down and grimaced at the ugly wound, but shook my head. "I'll be fine. I just… need to breathe some fresh air. Preferably less cursed and rotten."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She hovered closer, a rare flicker of concern in her glowing light. "You sure? That was… a lot."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah. I’m sure. I've been through worse. Are you alright?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She hesitated, then gave a nod, her glow dimming slightly. "I think so. My wings feel like they’ve been rung out like laundry… but yeah. Still buzzing."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We stood there for a moment in silence, just listening to the drip of water and our own ragged breathing, each breath scraping up through aching lungs and tasting of ash and metal. The cool dampness of the stone beneath my boots made my bones ache, while the last embers cast weak flickers of orange light that danced across the walls like ghosts retreating from battle. I realized then how deeply I’d come to rely on her voice in the dark. The fight had nearly killed us both.... but here we still were.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What about the Deku Princess?" she asked quietly, breaking the quiet with a gentler tone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh—right! I almost forgot," I muttered. "She’s supposed to be here somewhere, isn’t she?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Supposedly. We should check out that other passage…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl drifted toward the archway leading deeper in, and I lingered behind for a beat, casting one last look at the remains of Odalwa. Then I slumped my shoulders forward and sighed. Every inch of me ached, and more than anything I wanted to leave the foul temple. Still I followed after her, bone-tired and bloodied, but… I had done it. I passed through the fire, and came out victorious. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
