<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_18"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.kmw909gj0uoo">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Two</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.s9qsw09g77ag">
      <span class="c14">Realm of Shadows</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c40">
      <span class="c6">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The crazed man stepped through the spherical portal into a world of swirling blackness. A fierce wind, harsher than the wind from the last world, gushed forth in waves, almost as if in an attempt to blow the encroaching trespasser into oblivion. The sky above flickered with bleeding shadows, and the earth beneath him hissed at every step. Whispers tangled in the wind—remnants of the dead—pleading, cursing, warning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Yet still, the man walked unhindered toward a large dark building, the tempest merely whisking his clothing. His warded presence stained the ground, leaving faint smudges of seething magic in his wake. The intensive darkness moved closer as if it were a living thing, trying to suffocate him. It recoiled from him, and still, he walked forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Black tendrils of lightning burst forth from the shadowy ground, wrapping around the man like thorns. With a wave of his hand, he cast away the dark energy, and laughed as the lightning exploded into bursts of crimson flame. And still, he walked forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A giant, locked door loomed before him, a final obstacle. He came so far, this blockage would be little more than a slight inconvenience. He raised his hand, concentrating pure blue energy within his palm—and the door shattered into nothingness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The temple lit up with a faint, blue light when the man entered. Lingering purple mists softly drifted away with the outside air billowing in, revealing a large singular figure standing motionless in the center of the room. The man stopped in his tracks, recognizing it instantly: a Domigard. An ancient terror crafted solely to destroy intruders and protect sacred sites. Its armor bore sigils of a forgotten tongue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">If the door’s destruction didn’t wake it, the man hoped it was defunct. But the air felt tight around him—as if the guardian, though inert, was aware.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He stepped forward, carefully. Each step brought him closer to the machine, each one a test. The crystalline light of the room painted a deceptive calm, but to lower his guard now would be foolish.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He passed it. The Domigard did not stir.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Before him stood a shallow staircase, leading to a pedestal veiled in solid, pitch-black shadow. He could see nothing upon it—only feel it calling to him, tugging something deep within his chest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">There it was. Right before his eyes. His beloved mask.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He relaxed, momentarily distracted by awe. The pedestal hummed with presence. As he exhaled in relief, a gasp of breath echoed through the chamber.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The runes beneath his feet ignited.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Domigard’s core awakened with a rising hum. Red light filled its eyes. The man dove as a blast of energy shattered the floor where he’d just stood.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He turned, his face grim. The Domigard was enormous—two meters taller than him. A boltspear in one hand. A gyroshield in the other. Its death glare burned into his bones.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It roared a metallic, jarring battlecry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man’s laugh echoed back, sharp and feral. He trembled with malice, and fire erupted from his hands. The guardian burned, but not silently—it retaliated with a white-hot bolt that scorched the wall behind him, splashing molten rock across his back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He screamed. Leapt. Blocked the spear with a conjured sword. Knocked it aside. Was knocked in turn by the shield.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Rolling, dodging, ducking beneath the next swing, he moved with practiced desperation. His sword slashed against the armor—sparks flew but left no mark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He remembered a weakness. He drove the blade into a joint. The guardian howled and dropped its shield.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He reached to lance his blade into the domiguard's vulnerability....but was too late. The boltspear pierced his leg.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man fell, crying out in rage and agony. The Domigard laughed, a chilling, mechanical tittering. Its second strike came—he rolled, narrowly avoiding death. But the spear found his other leg, nailing him to the stone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Pain washed over him like drowning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His breath stilled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He stared upward, barely able to think while his blood spread along the ground like ink. The Domigard circled confidently, knowing that it had won. It raised its foot and crushed his pinned leg, the bones shattering like glass.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Still, the man did not cry out again. He stared into the machine’s glaring eyes, defiant.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His gaze drifted to the pedestal… so close. And then… something stirred within him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">A whispering voice: </span>
      <span class="c17">We were never apart....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The familiar whispers revived a small part of his memory....and he roared. He would not be defeated here, not now. Power suddenly surged through him. A shockwave of shadow exploded outward, slamming the Domigard into the wall with enough force to break open its chestplate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man sat up. Bloodied. Furious....but alive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He tore the spear from his shattered leg, dark blood gushing out. And smiling, he hurled it with perfect aim into the exposed chink.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Domigard reeled, grasping at its chest in desperation and surprise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A second later...it exploded into a burst of white-blue lightning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Shards of molten metal rained around him. He shielded himself with one shaking arm. Then, silence. He looked again at the voided pedestal.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He would not die empty-handed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Inch by inch, he dragged himself across the floor. His hands left trails of red. His lungs rasped. But he climbed the stairs. Up to the blackness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His fingers reached through the darkness....and then he felt it....fingertips trailing along the cold, hard surface.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Memories surged—visions of fire, screaming faces, a world torn asunder by the mask’s power. His own clan, eyes filled with sorrow, killing him to save their people, sealing away the mask forever in this realm of shadows.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The mask pulsed a dark wave of energy against his touch, eager...yearning....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His hand closed around it: the heart-shape, the spikes, the eyes. So familiar....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He pulled it free and fell to the ground, splaying out, hugging the mask to his body and cradling it in his arms, as the last of his strength bled out of him. With a gasping whisper, he rasped out....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I. Am. Whole."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The darkness in the mask began to radiate out, surrounding the man's body in shadowy tendrils...and the man heard a final, familiar whisper from the depths of his mind: </span>
      <span class="c17">And now, we begin again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
