<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_5"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c26" id="h.18rr0xvvypv2">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Seven</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c27" id="h.u2cr2j3ehmrk">
      <span class="c14">Unexpected Complications</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">The sky was still dark with brooding clouds when we exited the fairy fountain, although the rain had ceased for the time being. I still couldn't see anyone around, but I heard the whooping of children playing in the distance. A chill breeze rustled through the rain-soaked trees, tussling my now tied-back lengths of hair. I heard Tatl's fluttering wings come up behind me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh thank the gods it stopped raining!" she twittered in glee. "I hate the rain. It may not be a big deal to you humans, but for fairies it's like flying through a rushing river!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I looked up to the clouded skies, trying to spot the sun to get an idea of what time it was. My heart sank like a stone into a well. Looming between the parting storm clouds was the moon—closer than ever, its monstrous face twisted in rage. Its glare pressed down like a curse etched into the sky. The mask salesman hadn't been exaggerating. This world was truly doomed... and I was trapped inside its fate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link!" Tatl shouted. "Look at the—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I know, I know! I saw it." I cut her off, the higher pitch of my voice still jarring in my ears. "We need to find a way to the Star Chamber, and fast!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl quivered and nodded. "Ok ok... ummm... I'm pretty sure it's located just outside of town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That's a good start. Let's hurry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We rushed away toward the park exit, off to find a town gate. The drenched dirt path through the park was slippery with wet mud. The mud sucked at my boots with each step, cold and thick like river sludge, clinging to my legs and slowing me to a crawl. I tried to keep up with Tatl as she led the way, but the slog dragged me back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, slow down!" I called to the retreating fairy. "These boots weren't made for trekking through mud!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl reduced her speed. "Geez, do I need to drag you again?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ughhh really? I do not need your sarcasm right now! I'm having a bad enough day as it is."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Right... sorry." The fairy muttered and flew to my side. "Ok, how about this. You let me ride on your shoulder and I'll point you in the right direction. That way I'll be able to finally rest and you won't have to struggle to keep up?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Right. I had forgotten that Tatl had lugged around my heavy gear all morning. The poor sprite must have been exhausted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I bobbed my head in agreement and stopped to extend my shoulder toward the white fairy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright, I don't see why not if it makes it easier on both of us. Hop on."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl plopped down on my shoulder and sighed with gratitude, happy to finally get a chance to rest her exhausted wings. Her tiny weight was barely noticeable, but the quiet companionship it offered grounded me more than I expected. For the first time in a while, I didn’t feel entirely alone in this shifting, unraveling body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok. So go towards that corridor over there," she began, pointing to one of the passageways we went through yesterday. "Then we're going to make a right and follow that road all the way down to the west side. That's the nearest gate that leads out of town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">I followed her instructions and began noticing something strange around the city. Instead of the hustle and bustle we dealt with the day before, the streets were nearly deserted. It could have been the rain, but I doubted that a little bad weather would prevent people from preparing for a huge, annual festival. The locals must have noticed the diresome moon in the sky as well. I sensed a general uneasiness while plodding through the wet streets... The few people I did see moved quickly, heads down, their voices hushed as if afraid to draw attention from the sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The stillness set me on edge. It felt like the whole town was holding its breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The town was ripe with fear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As we entered a new district and neared one of the gates, I noticed it was protected by an ironclad, spear-wielding guard. A large visor covered the soldier's face, but his stance betrayed his state of mind. The gate guard was nervously clutching his weapon with a white-knuckle grip, staring up at the sky. The man's behavior confirmed my suspicions. If others had noticed the moon, then widespread panic wasn't far behind. I was running out of time, but if the Star Chamber was nearby, I could quickly find the Skull Kid and stop him before chaos ensued.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I approached the gate, preparing to leave the town, when the guard moved to block me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm sorry, er… young lady," the guard said, hesitating for just a beat too long before raising his hand to stop me. "It's far too dangerous for a kid like you to be journeying outside the town right now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I opened my mouth in anger and scowled at the mocking soldier, momentarily forgetting my cursed appearance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">Young lady! Who was he calling young lady?!</span>
      <span class="c8"> I thought bitterly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, what do you mean we can't leave? We've got a bow!" Tatl berated the guard. "We can defend ourselves just fine!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm sorry, orders from Captain Viscen. I can't allow anyone out of the city walls unless they have official business or are perceived to be capable of defending themselves." The gate guard turned his helmeted head upward. "The mayor sees the moon as a bad omen, and all sorts of monsters have been seen prowling the fields just outside the walls. He ordered the captain to cordon off all the town gates."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I </span>
      <span class="c16">am</span>
      <span class="c8"> capable of protecting myself!" I retorted, exasperated. "And I do have business with the astronomer at the Star Chamber! So get out of my way!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was rapidly losing patience, and his snide "young lady" comment had made me more irritable. I felt my cheeks flush with anger and balled my fists, preparing for a fight. Tatl tugged roughly on my ponytail, making me wince from the sharp pain. Yet, the gesture reminded me that I really did look like a young lady. Tatl knew what I was thinking... I relaxed my fists and slowly eased my tense shoulders.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Was I really so changed that even a trained guard mistook me for someone else entirely?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm not letting you pass, ma'am. Now back off before I'm forced to detain you for disrespecting the law!" the unfazed guard said firmly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glared and reluctantly pulled away from the gate. I couldn't believe my bad luck! Ever since I encountered that Skull Kid in the woods, my world had been completely turned upside down, and things were only growing steadily worse. I should have never left Hyrule… I should have just stayed and settled down to a normal, quiet life like Zelda advised me to do six years ago. Maybe this was the Goddesses' way of punishing me—not just for leaving the royal family, but for leaving her. For choosing the sword over her hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I reached up to massage my temples in frustration. I would just have to find another way to the astronomer. I had no other choice if I wanted to return to Hyrule, as well as back to my original form….</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok Tatl...do you have any other ideas?" I sighed, turning my head to glance at the little white fairy riding along my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl thought for a second, then replied, "Didn't the Great Fairy say something about a secret route to the Star Chamber? That a group of kids use for their hideout?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I wearily shrugged. "I dunno... I guess I remember her saying something like that? There was a lot on my mind at the time. I suppose we'd better go look around and try to find this gang then."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl twinkled in agreement, her glow pulsing softly as she settled once more on my shoulder. Her tiny form was encased in a delicate orb of white light, faintly tinged with lavender, her wings shimmering like dew-soaked glass. She looked like a fragment of starlight brought to life, flickering with restless energy even at rest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We walked down the well-maintained street. This part of town was more refined than the other districts we passed through. The cobblestone streets were clear of debris and better maintained, with fewer potholes lying about. Neat rows of small, groomed trees and flowers filled the medians centered in the roads. Large decorative buildings lined the immaculate street, statues and fountains gleaming at every corner. The few people meandering around the lavish district wore fancy, expensive-looking clothing and carried themselves with reckless arrogance. There were far more armored soldiers patrolling this area as well. Quite a few of them guarded a red-bricked, slate-roofed building with several well-nurtured plants positioned beside the doors. A tin and copper sign hung above the door, reading "Mayor's Office." A few of the haughty passersby gave me curious looks. I tried to ignore them and started walking away from the irritating residents.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link! Look over there!" Tatl excitedly chimed. "Could that be one of the boys the Great Fairy mentioned?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced in the direction Tatl gestured. A boy, probably just entering his teen years, ducked inside one of the alleyways between buildings. I swiftly and silently followed behind, trying not to be obvious. The alleyway was cast in shadow, but there was still enough light to see clearly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The kid wore a dark blue jacket and a round, matching blue cap, with grungy brown hair peeking beneath it. I couldn't quite see his face, but noticed he had a large number "twelve" stitched onto the back of his jacket. He had on grubby tan shorts and his shoes were badly worn. The boy was a short distance down the alley when he suddenly turned around a corner, and I rushed to pursue before I lost him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The passage the young lad disappeared through was empty—somehow, he was nowhere in sight. I ran to catch up to him further down the way when I heard a voice ring out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey! Why are ya followin' me?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I halted, startled by the voice, nearly causing Tatl to fall from my shoulder. I turned to see the kid pointing a loaded slingshot up at my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Are ya crazy, girly? Or just askin' for trouble? I don't care much for being chased around!" the gang member threatened.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The kid was half my height, maybe a smidgeon taller than my waist. His face was covered in filth, and he looked to be missing a tooth in his mischievous grin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm not here to cause trouble, kid," I cautiously explained. "I'm just following you because I needed to ask you something."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The boy lowered his slingshot and tilted his head in curiosity.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah? Here to ask me handsome self on a date, eh?" the street urchin winked. "Sorry, not interested... you're far too fancible for my tastes, heh heh."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">A flash of anger and revulsion crossed my face. </span>
      <span class="c17">If my face could melt off from secondhand embarrassment and fury, it probably would have right there in the alley.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Urrghh...look you little twerp, I—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We need to get to the Star Chamber!" Tatl interrupted. "The Great Fairy sent us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Confusion showed on the kid's face. "The Great Fairy? Uhhh... well... I'm really not allowed to tell you about the secret hideout…" He motioned for us to come closer and whispered, "But if the Great Fairy told you, then you must have a good reason to know. But only club members are allowed in…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I closed my eyes and shook my head. If I was going to find the Skull Kid, it looked like I’d have to play by their ridiculous little "club" rules.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">"Alright alright, fine…" I sighed. "How do I join?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The dirty scamp laughed, "Haha only boys can join, girls aren't allowed! Well…. normally anyway. But if the Great Fairy sent you, we could maybe make an exception. She's always taking care of us Bombers, so you must be somethin' special."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The words hit me like a slap. Only boys? My stomach twisted with bitter irony. Just a few days ago, I wouldn’t have thought twice about qualifying. Now, standing there in this unfamiliar body, hearing the word "girl" thrown at me again and again—even in jest—it stung worse than I expected. I clenched my jaw, swallowing the surge of heat behind my eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okaaayyy? So can I join?" I asked once more, losing my patience.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It ain't my place to say. I'm pretty new myself." The young punk shrugged. "You'll have to talk to our leader. That's pretty much the only way you can get in."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Where do I find him?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh, he should be practicing his blowdart gun on the roof of the Stockpot Inn." He put a grimy finger against his lips. "But you didn't hear that from me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And with that, the disheveled rascal gave me one last wink and dashed away. I rolled my eyes and faintly smiled. The kid had spunk. I had to give him that.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl called out to thank the receding figure, then faced me. "Ok, let's hurry to the Inn, Link! It's not far."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The tiny passenger tugged on my hair again, causing me to recoil.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Owww! Would you stop that? I'm not a horse!" I shrieked as I walked back to the main street. "That does NOT feel good! How would you like it if I pulled on your wings?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright alright...fine, I'm sorry." Tatl chuckled, stroking the ponytail between her tiny fingers. "It's just that it feels so nice and soft! Like spun silk... it's kind of mesmerizing." Her voice held a snarky flicker of affection, a note of levity that made the moment feel strangely warm despite the chaos surrounding us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah well, maybe you wouldn't find it so funny if I just tore your wings off…then we'll see who's laughing." I muttered under my breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We rejoined the cobbled street just as the drizzle returned, light and whispering. My boots splashed quietly through shallow puddles as we moved, trying to blend into the background. I stopped to watch the few townsfolk shuffle to their destinations, trying to retreat from the coming rain. A large, balding man dressed in farmer's overalls suddenly barged into me, knocking the breath out of my lungs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Watch yourself, you clumsy runt!" He shouted angrily and stalked off towards the gate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl had been flung off of her perch and I was kneeling on the ground, winded and gasping for air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You watch it, you donkey's anus!" Tatl bellowed out after him. "Link! Are you ok?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She flew down to check on me as I tried to regain my composure. My eyes were welling with tears from the strength of the blow. I felt the fairy's tiny hand gently pat my back while I struggled to breathe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Urrghhh—</span>
      <span class="c16">gasp</span>
      <span class="c15">—what is WITH THESE PEOPLE?!" I wheezed, rage swelling alongside the ache in my ribs. "If one more idiot so much as </span>
      <span class="c16">looks</span>
      <span class="c15"> at me the wrong way, </span>
      <span class="c16">gasp</span>
      <span class="c8"> I swear I'll beat them senseless!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It seemed like the entire town was full of jerks, I started to consider not saving them after all. But it was not in my nature to give up so easily. Whether I liked it or not, I had to help them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey hey, don't worry about them right now. They're all worthless cowards. Don't waste your anger on them. Just focus on finding Skull Kid. Then you can do whatever you want."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I righted myself and put a hand on my chest to steady my nerves. Feeling the soft, bulbous tissue that had developed there, I immediately removed it in disgust. I looked up at the sky, where the dim silhouette of the sun was nearing the horizon, casting long, cold shadows that seemed to stretch toward me like grasping fingers. The deepening dusk pressed against my senses, stirring a restless urgency in my chest—each passing moment another inch stolen by the encroaching night. Seeing that we were quickly running out of daylight, Tatl and I set off towards the inn...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c29">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
