<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_19"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.1zeg47gkwogs">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Three</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.738gqbd03dgk">
      <span class="c14">Palace of Fury</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c40">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The world faded back into view as Tatl and I exited the timestream, back to the first day. A strange heaviness clung to my chest, the air colder than I remembered, as if time itself had stripped me of something.... But I lost the thought as quickly as it came as my soft boots landed gently upon the hard pavement of the tower plaza. I lowered the dimming ocarina as Tatl regained her bearings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't think I'll ever get used to that…" Tatl huffed and swayed midair. "How you manage to stay calm through it all is beyond me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Trust me, you'll get used to it." I replied, checking around to see if anything had changed in the Tower Plaza.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, I really don't think I will. I just hope that song you just learned isn't as bad…. speaking of which, do you want to try it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm...I don't see why not…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My gaze drifted to the construction crew hard at work in the center. Something about them caught my eye—an odd shift in their motion, or maybe the rhythm of their work. I couldn't place it, but it felt... off. Like returning to a scene I’d seen before, only now tinted slightly different. Tatl flitted into my line of sight, waving her luminous hands to get my attention.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hellooo what are you staring at? Let's get going!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm… right. Sorry...I don't know what came over me..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I sheepishly looked away and raised the ocarina once more. Remembering the notes written on the stone owl, I performed the tune and waited for something to happen.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Was… Was that it?" Tatl asked, shifting her head around. "I thought we were supposed to fl- WHOAAAA!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She was cut off as we suddenly launched into the air, carried upward by a pair of large phantom wings. White feathers surrounded and engulfed us, and we both yelped in surprise. Our world rocked and kicked, but it was over in mere seconds.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We landed gently back in the swamp clearing beside the owl statue. As the phantom wings and feathers dissolved into nothing, I stumbled to the ground, the world spinning violently around me. Grass itched against my cheek while a rush of dizziness surged up from my stomach, hot and overwhelming. I pressed a hand to the earth, grounding myself as the echoes of flight slowly faded from my limbs and balance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good gods...I was not expecting that at all!" I cursed, clasping my fingers to my head. "Are you ok Tatl?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Urgh… y-yeah?" The fairy moaned, falling to the ground beside me. "No...no, gurgh... not... really."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I slowly got to my feet, but the blood rushing to my head caused me to stumble and I latched onto the statue to keep myself upright.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whew… at least we made it back quickly in one piece. And the area doesn't smell as bad right now, so that's nice, right?" I tried to keep positive, looking around the clearing. "And there doesn't seem to be as much decay."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ughh… Maybe Odalwa hasn't made it here yet. Can...can you help me up?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I floundered over to the fallen fairy and scooped her into my fingerless gloves. She mumbled her thanks, and after my vision stopped spinning I took a deep breath and walked toward the river.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You, hooman! Hoalt!" A squeaky voice challenged in imperfect Hylian nearby.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stopped, trying to spot where it came from.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"State yoor business for trespasseeng on Deku Territory!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A dozen deku suddenly popped out of the trees with a cacophony of rustling leaves and creaking armor, their sharp wooden lances gleaming beneath the canopy light. The sound of their leafy plating scraping and crackling as they moved made my heart skip a beat, each step they took adding to the tension pressing against my ribs. More than a few of them looked sickly and about ready to fall over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhm, I'm here to defeat the monster. Have you seen it around?" I cautiously answered, and raised my hands to show I was unarmed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Moonster? There ees no moonster in the mighty Deku Territory. Ees poor excoose." One of the guards replied. "However, you doo noot seem very threatening, so you're weelcome to gaze in awe at our kingdom. But no going near palace! Understood?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, understood. Thank you." I curtly stated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The deku guard nodded, let out a curt, squeaky affirmation, and with a flurry of rustling leaves, the squad disappeared into the trees above. I exhaled slowly, tension still coiled in my shoulders, aware of how close that encounter had come to turning violent. Their pride was palpable—and dangerous. I groaned inwardly at seeing the extreme arrogance of these deku, and I started walking toward the toxic river bank. Unfortunately, the palace was where we needed to go, so I had to find some way inside those walls.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl promptly flew out of my hands upon reaching the water, her balance had apparently recovered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What a bunch of morons… I never liked deku shrubs." The pixie grumbled. "Now...How do we get into to that palace?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, we could sneak in by scaling those cliffs…but they look too steep without a really long rope... " I pursed my lips in thought. "Or I could try out this deku mask to see if it does anything useful. I don't really like either option… But I can't think of anything else."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, I guess you don't really have a choice. I doubt you'd be able to climb such a steep cliff, so I say try the mask."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I paused, unwilling to go through any more transformations, but I eventually took hold of the plant-like mask, took a deep breath, and put the cool wood against my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was mildly relieved when nothing seemed to happen, and I released a small puff of air through my mouth. The mask's surface felt rough and grainy beneath my fingers, a little warmer than I expected—as if it held the sunlight I’d just felt on my skin. A faint tingling pricked across my cheeks, and I swore I caught the scent of crushed leaves and damp earth rising from the wood. Although I did begin to feel a bit more invigorated, and the warm rays of morning sunlight that managed to somewhat pierce the gloom seemed to absorb into my body. A few moments later I heard Tatl chime in.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Well, it was worth a shot. Too bad though, you turning into a deku would have made this </span>
      <span class="c35">so</span>
      <span class="c33"> much easier!" Tatl remarked, observing my lack of any apparent change. "We should start looking for another way, don't you think? Hey, aren't you listening? Link!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I blinked back to awareness, the echo of the mask's presence still humming faintly in my fingertips, and lowered it just as the impatient fairy yanked hard on my ponytail.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ow!" I winced. "Why do you always do that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She hovered with arms crossed, eyes narrowed. "Because you were off in la-la land again. You know I hate being ignored. And you looked like you were in a trance or something... Maybe you should leave that thing here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I wasn't in a trance," I protested, trying to shake the lingering warmth that still pulsed in my skin. "I was just… feeling the sun. It was like it got pulled into me, like I’m a plant or something. I feel great."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Her glare softened a little. "You do? Weird. You </span>
      <span class="c35">look</span>
      <span class="c33"> more refreshed. Maybe that mask has healing magic or something. Not that you were damaged much."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">I glanced at the deku mask again, unease still prickling beneath my skin. Whatever it had done, it had changed </span>
      <span class="c42">something.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I have no idea… but...it seems all these masks just have a mind of their own. Still, healing would definitely be a nicer touch than a painful transformation." I shrugged, then secured the mask to my belt. "If it does provide healing...then it will definitely come in handy! Maybe it'll be better than drinking a health potion."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright, great...but healing powers won't get us inside the palace, I hope you have another plan…" Tatl pressed, hovering above my shoulder</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok ok I'm thinking, look around and see if you can find any possible entrances or secrets. There could be deku in every tree, so try to be... subtle."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I started walking along the bank of the river, trying to look innocuous while Tatl searched around the wall. My shoulders tensed beneath my cloak, aware of the prickling sensation that crept down my spine—as if something unseen was watching us from the trees.. The brightly colored orange and red foliage of the area was a little harsh on the eyes. The smell of death, while not as horrible as before, was still pretty intense. To distract myself before I got a headache, I kicked a tiny pebble into the purple opaque water and ripples expanded across the surface.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Anything yet, Tatl?" I muttered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nothing yet, there might be something a bit further from the entrance."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I casually walked further down the shoreline, keeping myself between the wall and river. The slow moving water flowed around islands in the middle, where wilting trees and flowers seemed to beg for deliverance. Swarms of bugs darted every which way between the gloomy mist and vines over the river. I swatted away a swarm that came too close, hoping that my small companion would spot something soon.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh, are you ok Link?" Tatl inquired. "You're walking a little funny there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm?" I turned to the tiny pixie. "No I'm not, I'm just walking."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"You're just… I dunno, swaying your hips and kind of… sashaying around. Like, more than usual. It’s weird—I mean, are you even noticing it? You weren’t doing that yesterday, and now it’s like you’re walking differently, like someone might if they were trying to show off or… I don’t know. It’s not bad, it’s just… not </span>
      <span class="c35">you</span>
      <span class="c33">. Are you feeling okay?" She gave me an odd look. "Did that deku mask fry your brain or something?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft, no! I feel fine, Tatl. Stop watching me and watch the wall instead…" I snapped, though a ripple of unease crept through my chest. I hadn’t even noticed the way I was moving. As I turned from her, I tried to focus each step, willing my hips to stay steady. Was it the mask? The time magic? Or something deeper changing in me—something I couldn’t control? I shook the thought away, jaw clenched tight. Not now. I had to stay focused.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right...oooook then, whatever you say." Tatl mumbled and glided to my side.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I heard an amused huff escape her cantankerous form, but chose to disregard it and returned my attention back to the river.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">There were very little signs of living fauna near the water, although birds and insects were chirping all around us. I saw a few small deku scrubs shuffling around across the river, and maybe a monkey or two in the trees. One thing that did catch my interest was a cave covered in spiderwebs near the deku on the opposite bank. An unlit torch sat beside it, and it looked as if it hadn't been lit or touched for years. I would just have to check it out in the future though, as Tatl had apparently located a possible entrance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey wait, I think I see something just up ahead." Tatl quietly spoke into my ear. "It's kinda covered by bushes, but if you walk a bit further you'll see it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sure enough, there was a small opening hiding behind a bright orange bush. I looked around to see if any beady red eyes were watching us. Unfortunately there were a few peeping out from behind a rock nearby, seemingly ready to spring out and attack should we make a wrong move. Seeing how we were outnumbered ten to one here, I deemed it unwise to do anything violent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What's the holdup? Get in there, Link." Tatl urged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"There's a bunch of deku watching us, I can't just stroll on in right now. We should look for something better…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A clamor of squeaking and clicking resounded from the other side of the river before we could start looking again. I peered over the purple mire to see a monkey start swinging towards the gate across on the overhanging vines. The deku tried to shoot it down, spitting rocks from their knotted mouths as the furry creature headed straight for the gate. I noticed that all eyes were focused on the monkey, and I decided to take the opportunity to move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I pushed aside the spiny leaves of the bush and squeezed through the small opening, ducking down to avoid cracking my skull. The small tunnel was very narrow, and I could just barely crawl through it. Thankfully, the wall was not very thick and I reached the other side quickly, pausing before I crawled out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Can you go check to see if anything is watching this way?" I whispered to Tatl. "You're small enough to go unnoticed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, let me look real quick."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fairy flew out and up, and was back in moments.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok I think we're clear if we hurry. I think all the focus is on that monkey intruder." Tatl stated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded and peeked out of the opening, which sat on a ledge hanging over a large moat of poisoned swamp water. The moat flowed around a huge tree with high wooden walls of bamboo surrounding it. Large paintings, much like those on the outer wall, covered the wood with warrior deku figures and colorful plants. Huge branches extending from the tree palace, hanging high overhead. Large lanterns filled with what looked like fireflies swung from vines and ropes looped around the branches, providing an eerie green glow to the entire area. A bridge of gathered tree trunks led from the outer gate, across the toxic moat, up to a very well guarded inner gate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, so there's still no way I'm swimming through that water. That gate would be impossible to pass directly anyway… now what?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I sat back in the hole to keep a low profile as we figured out our next move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What if we climbed those vines to the top of the wall? Those branches up there look close enough to grab onto and walk across?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, I hadn't thought about that. Good thinking!" I grinned, and peeked around the corner once more.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The deku guards were still focused on the outside, and I could hear more cacophonous squeaking and monkey calls. It had apparently turned into a full on brawl between plant and beast, which served our purposes just fine for the moment. I nodded to Tatl, took hold of one of the thick lengths of vine, and began to shimmy up the wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The climb was hardly difficult, and I was sure had I set a new record for myself at how fast I went. A few minutes later and I was at the top ledge, with Tatl rising up behind me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, do you think you can make that leap to the branch?" A pale, tiny finger gestured to the branch a few feet away. "Or should we find another way? I don't want you falling to your death after we've come so far."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, I'm pretty sure I can make it. This is our only shot anyway, so why not take it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I judged the distance, focusing all my energy on the jump, and sprung off the stone wall. I caught the branch midair, the rough bark dug into my hands and I winced as I pulled myself up.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I brushed dust and particles of bark off my marginally cut fingers, while Tatl praised my prowess.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Haha, you get better at jumping every day! Are you sure you're not becoming a grasshopper?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know, at this point nothing would surprise me. But I hope not, I'd rather not become a bug." I chuckled at the thought. "The monkeys from before said that their prince was being held here, but where? This place isn't as small as I'd hoped."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I wonder if they have any dungeons, oh wait…. probably not. I've never heard of deku taking prisoners. And yet, it's odd that they kept this monkey prince alive…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm. If that's the case he must be important to them." An idea suddenly popped into my head. "The throne room!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I dashed along the tree limb with superb balance, looking down at the palace grounds far below. Deku shrubs of all colors and sizes shuffled to and fro, and the guards were celebrating a victorious defense.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh oh, look! There's the monkey prisoner, see?" Tatl twinkled for my attention. "He's being carried into the palace!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sure enough a squirming, pure white monkey wearing a crown of twisted leaves that had been gagged, hogtied and was being hoisted by a group of angry-looking shrubs. They disappeared into the tree, and musical pipes emanated faintly from within. A promenade of deku followed after the monkey, and the grounds were soon empty save a few guard patrols.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wow, that's lucky… Now's our chance to find a way in, Link!" Tatl said, flying down the giant trunk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm great! But how do I get down?" I hissed after her. "I don't see any windows up here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">I guess I'll have to find my own way down… Great</span>
      <span class="c33">. I grumbled inwardly to myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I walked further along the branch and leaned against the rock-hard tree trunk. The trunk was smooth, like polished steel, no footholds to clamber down to. I was also standing on the lowest branch, so jumping down was out of the question since I was still several meters high.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was so distracted in looking for a way down that I didn't notice Tatl had returned carrying vines. I nearly fell off the branch when the precocious sprite dropped them on me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oof!" I exclaimed, rubbing my head. "You know, you could have said something before throwing these at me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? They were heavy." Tatl shrugged. "But there's your way down."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ugh… thanks. Can you help me tie these off?" I found and held up the ends, gesturing for her to loop them around the branch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh fine. I guess I have to do everything now…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She took the vines and circled the branch, mock complaining under her breath as she gave me the ends to knot. I shook my head and did my best to create a solid anchor point, before leaning over the edge.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, here we go…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tugging on the vine and relieved the knot was secure and tight, I rappelled down the rough vine as quietly as possible. The deku were still distracted, so lowering myself behind the wooden walls was fairly easy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl rushed under my cloak after I hit the soft ground, hiding her shining body to be less conspicuous. I quietly crept along, heading towards the large corridor into the tree ahead. Seeing that the way was clear, I rushed inside.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The interior of the tree seemed to be devoid of any deku, and more of those firefly lanterns hung below the ceiling in chandeliers made of antlers. Loose, finely tilled soil made up the floor, soft and slightly damp beneath my boots, filling my nostrils with the smell of blooming earth and mud, which admittedly was a nice change from the stench outside. There were hallways and rooms all throughout the interior, each gently curving off from the main path. I hoped that the throne room was at the end of this hall, where the pipe music seemed to originate. My hopes were confirmed when I approached the rounded corner at the end of the corridor, hearing what sounded like a hundred voices cry out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A booming deep voice rang out above the others, silencing the crowd and pipes as I sidled up to the corner.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We shall punish this foolish monkey scum for his egregious crimes! He shall be made an example, to all the filth who would defy the might of the Deku Kingdom! We are the lords of this earth. NO ONE ELSE!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Angry, dissonant chords from the pipes followed, and deafening cheers roared out that shook the walls. These Deku were </span>
      <span class="c35">completely</span>
      <span class="c34"> unhinged. My heart pounded in my chest, and I caught the gleam of frenzied eyes flashing in the torchlight. The king’s scepter struck the floor with a harsh </span>
      <span class="c35">crack</span>
      <span class="c33"> that echoed through the chamber.—I couldn’t afford to get caught by this mob. Whatever punishment that these mad deku had in mind for the poor monkey, I wanted to avoid. I very carefully popped my head around the corridor to see an immense chamber filled to the brim with rustling deku. An ornate throne covered with golden leaves, fruits, and carved wood sat on a platform. A very large, gruff-looking deku holding a golden scepter was the speaker, whom I assumed to be the king.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The boisterous deku lord thrusted his scepter towards the bound monkey in the center of the room, still being held tightly by the guards.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Before we dole out this ignorant, disrespectful creature's punishment, I shall give him only one chance to tell us what he did with my daughter!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A guard nodded, removed the gag, and the monkey immediately shouted out above the din of the chamber.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I didn't kidnap her! We were investigating the ancient temple in Woodfall. We found a giant monster and it took her! If we don't work together on this, she and the entire swamp will die!" The monkey prince squawked. "Haven't you not seen the poison spreading from the creature?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"HA! There are no monsters like that in the swamp! You lie, foolish ape! You will pay most dearly for kidnapping our beloved princess!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The guards began to beat the monkey and carried him off down a hall at the other side of the chamber. The loud, angry cheers and squeaks of the mob forced me to step back and retreat down the main corridor with ringing ears.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link did you hear that?" Tatl belted in shock over the clamor in the throne room, right into my still-ringing ears. "The monster is in a place called Woodfall!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Argh! There was no possible way I </span>
      <span class="c35">couldn't</span>
      <span class="c33"> have heard it!" I hissed, glaring at the irksome fairy, and clapped my hands over my ears. "Thank you, though, for making it even more clear to me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sorry… I'm just saying, that's where we need to go."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, do you just oh so happen to know where it is?" I asked sarcastically.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Um...no. I don't. Maybe we should-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Stay and get more information, I know..." I grumpily interrupted Tatl. "We should probably get somewhere out of sight though, it sounds like they're finishing up."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I slunk away back down the hall, keeping to the shadows, when I heard the shuffling of shrubs closing in. I frantically searched for a place to hide, squeezing myself into a small gap while Tatl zoomed up to one of the lanterns to disguise herself. The noises approached, then receded, heading to the throne room with me going unnoticed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I waited, as motionless as I could be in the cramped space for a few more minutes to make sure no one else was coming. Not hearing any other leafy shuffles, I popped out of the crevice, a sharp ache shooting through my chest as my breast slammed against the wall—an all-too-frequent reminder of how much my body had changed with the action. I cursed under my breath as quietly as I could while massaging the sore flesh, nearly tripping over a small, white deku clothed in a robe of bejeweled leaves.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? A human? Why are-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The deku began to say, but I sprinted towards the exit before it could continue and sound the alarm. Tatl quickly scurried after me in a blaze of color, and the deku pleaded for me to stop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait! Not that way, the guards will catch you for sure!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I halted, hearing squeaking chatter up ahead. The white shrub was right, and I was fresh out of ideas.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I know a way out, a secret way. Hurry, please follow me!" The deku called and quickly darted back toward the throne room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I squinted suspiciously after the strange shrub, my instincts bristling with unease—but there was no time to weigh the risk. The urgency of the moment overruled doubt. The guards at the exit had heard the commotion and were quickly coming to investigate. Seeing that there wasn't much of a choice, Tatl and I scuttled after the mysterious deku.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It stopped against a wall, hopping around anxiously for us to speed up. The deku turned to face the hard wood, knocked against a little bump, and to my surprise the floor right beside the deku opened up. We jumped in the hole after it, mere seconds away from being spotted by deku coming from all sides. The opening closed with a hushed *thump *and the lustrous white deku finally turned to us, a bit more relaxed now.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don't worry, I wish you no harm, human. But why are you here? Don't you know it's very dangerous?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, I don't trust her. Don't say anything," Tatl muttered, voice low and urgent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Her? I blinked, trying to catch anything feminine in the deku's robe or voice. Who could tell? Still, the fairy's nudge jabbed at my ribs, and I waved her away in irritation, ignoring her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We're here to save the swamp," I said cautiously. "This palace was the only lead I had on finding Odalwa's lair."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"So…. there really </span>
      <span class="c35">is</span>
      <span class="c33"> a monster fouling the swamp….ohhh that poor monkey." The deku squeaked glumly. "Human, er, Link was it? If what you say is true, then our captive also speaks truth and the princess has been taken by the monster. If that is the case, we have committed an awful injustice against the monkey tribe, and war will surely happen unless something can be done. "</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl sighed in resignation, then recounted our encounter with Odalwa.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We've seen the monster ourselves, up close. It was trying to capture us as well."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You've seen it, and escaped? Then you both must be formidable indeed! In fact, seeing as you made it this far into the palace, I believe you are the only ones who can rescue my daughter. And keep us from a calamitous war with the monkey tribe."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, daughter? If the princess was the one kidnapped…. then you must be the queen?" Tatl seemed confused. "Why aren't you stopping your guys from torturing that monkey and preventing war? Wouldn't they all listen to you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I may be the matriarch, but my tribe has had their hearts filled with hate and anger, blaming all other species for our troubles. I've tried reasoning with the king, but he is perhaps more stubborn than the mountains themselves."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Maybe…." I cut in with a theory spinning in my head. "...the monster is inadvertently causing all of this? With it spreading the poison in the swamp, it's destroying the water supply. Deku are a plant species, and all the plants we've seen so far are dying or corrupted. How come you seem normal?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Royalty, by tradition, feeds from the canyon springs… So your theory is sound."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What about the king, then? He seems just as mad as all the others!" Tatl performed a mocking gesture.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I frowned at the fairy, cupping a hand over her to allow the deku queen to continue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"As I stated, my husband is very stubborn. He has been infuriated by the state of our people, and with our beloved princess gone missing, he has been pushed beyond the edge of insanity." The queen mourned.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I overheard the monkey prince mention a place called Woodfall… Where is that?" I gently asked the sorrowful deku.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It is the Swamp's most sacred of places. The very heart of life for all things living here and the main source of water for the swamp… It's not too far south, but it may be difficult for you to travel there. It's become a dangerous land."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So what do you suggest we do?" I inquired, still hiding Tatl behind my gloved palm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"There's an heirloom of great importance to our tribe here, one that signifies the greatest victory of our kingdom." She explained, shuffling down the dim secret passage. "Our first warrior king defeated a powerful Dinolfos warlord in this very tree, and hung his hide as a trophy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">The queen pressed a switch on the wall, and with a low </span>
      <span class="c35">click</span>
      <span class="c33">, a hidden door creaked open to reveal a narrow stairwell spiraling upward. The musty scent of age-old wood drifted out, mingling with the cooler air rising from below, as faint echoes hinted at the upper chambers beyond.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The hides are special in that they can take on the same colors as the environment they are placed in. The princess unfortunately took one of them to sneak away unseen… I'm praying that you can do the same."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We followed her up the stairs, into an empty room, and through another hidden corridor into what appeared to be a treasure room. Jewels, ornate weapons, books, and fancy furniture lined the walls, or gathered in neat little piles. At the end of the room sat an altar with unlit candles set upon it, and above it was hanging a reptilian hide that looked as if it had a brilliant scenery of crystal blue waters and large trees painted upon it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Here is where we protect our valuable heritage." The queen solemnly spoke up. "I'm entrusting you with this very precious treasure because I have no other choice to save my daughter. When you bring her back safely, you will also return this."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She stepped up to the altar, taking a pole to reach and lower the hide, which shifted colors to match the wall behind it as it moved. I was taken aback at how ghostly transparent it seemed, save for a golden, decorative border that appeared to float in the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I do hope you are able to use this to its full potential." The deku queen handed the hide to me. "It's much more gaudy than the piece the princess took, so you will need to keep that in mind. If anything should come close enough, you would be easily spotted."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I took the scaly leather from her outstretched arms, feeling its surprising weight and cool, slick texture against my gloves as I tried to decide how I was going to wear it. Tatl lightly touched the scales, gazing in awe at seeing how well it blended in with its surroundings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, that won't do… There's no way you'd be able to use it properly without some modifications. Please, wait here while I correct this little problem. And I ask that you please don't touch anything… I dearly hope that I can trust you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The white queen took the hide once more, and rushed out into the other room. I heard the door gently close and we were alone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wow… she must be pretty desperate to leave us alone in the treasure room. I guess they really need help." Tatl remarked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Don't even </span>
      <span class="c35">think</span>
      <span class="c33"> about taking anything." I chided crossly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey hey, I wasn't going to. Calm down, Miss Worrywart."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I frowned at the impudent fairy, who immediately apologized and fluttered onto my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So we wait then. Fine."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
