<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_8"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c26" id="h.14h6ynw6ig9u">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Ten</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c27" id="h.bwxbimb0jyj1">
      <span class="c14">By the Moon and Stars</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">The dark passageway reeked of rot and runoff. The remnants of yesterday’s storm had left the tunnel drenched, water pooling in crevices and dribbling from the low ceiling in slow, cold droplets. A sharp, rank stench clung to the air—mold, stagnant water, something else decaying in the shadows. I could barely breathe without gagging.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl flitted ahead, her glow faint and wavering, casting nervous shadows that danced across the dripping stone walls. The squeaking of rats echoed distantly, occasionally punctuated by a wet shuffle I tried not to identify. Her tiny form weaved through the narrow crawl space with ease while I slogged after her on hands and knees, gritting my teeth with every cold splash beneath my palms.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The tunnel was tight—so tight I doubted my original body would have even fit. That thought landed strangely in my chest. The only reason I </span>
      <span class="c16">could</span>
      <span class="c8"> squeeze through was because of what I'd lost… or gained. My new frame was narrower, more compact. Feminine. My long brown tunic was already soaked through, clinging to my curves beneath the forest-green cloak that trailed behind me like moss dragged through a stream. The brown fingerless gloves I wore were damp and gritty, and the black tights did little to protect my knees from the rough stone. My soft deerskin boots—once sleek and supple—were now caked in sludge and soaked to the seams, the tops flopping slightly around my thighs with every awkward shuffle forward. I had been crawling for what felt like hours, my breath shallow, the air thick and sour.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Suddenly, my fingers brushed something damp—and furry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A high-pitched squeal erupted as the creature bolted, its slick body slapping across my hand before vanishing into the dark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"AGHH—ugh—goddesses!" I recoiled violently, biting back a full-body shudder. The cold cling of fur still lingered on my skin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"How are you doing back there?" Tatl called, her voice echoing faintly through the stone throat of the tunnel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm... urgh… fine," I grunted, though my voice cracked from the strain. My knees were bruised, my arms aching, and a headache was blooming behind my eyes from the foul air and the claustrophobic press of the tunnel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok... hang in there. I think I see a light just up ahead," she said, sounding unsure.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Unngh, good… Hopefully that means more space," I muttered, dragging myself forward with a grimace. "I really need to stand up. And this place smells like something died, came back to life, and died again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">Tatl scoffed, but sure enough, I saw a torch flickering like a beacon in the darkness ahead. I felt the ground beneath me gently begin to slope into a shallow decline, and I slid down toward the light. The space around me finally expanded out into a large corridor. I stood up, shaking moisture and mud off my hands, and rested them briefly on my noticeably wider hips. My outfit clung damply to my frame—the long brown tunic darkened by the grime, its hem brushing just above my thighs. My green cloak hung sodden and heavy down my back, water dripping from its edges. The black tights beneath were soaked and streaked with filth, hugging the slim curves of my reshaped legs. My soft deerskin boots squelched with each step, the once supple leather now misshapen with water and muck. I stretched my cramping spine and sighed with relief, then bent down to massage my sore knees.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Feel better?" Tatl teased with a sparkle in her voice. "That looked like a </span>
      <span class="c16">really</span>
      <span class="c8"> tight fit for you. Just think! You would've gotten stuck in there with your old bulky boy-body, haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Oh yes... just </span>
      <span class="c16">hilarious</span>
      <span class="c15">," I deadpanned, rising to my feet and wringing moisture from my cloak. "Keep laughing and I’ll cram you in a bottle and trade you to a shop for a wooden shield. At least that way I’d get </span>
      <span class="c16">some</span>
      <span class="c15"> peace, </span>
      <span class="c16">and </span>
      <span class="c8">a more useful companion."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl clutched her chest as if mortally wounded. "Oof! Low blow! And here I thought we were bonding. Come on, admit it—this sleek new bod's getting you into places old you never could!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I’d trade every 'advantage' for my real body back," I muttered, adjusting my damp tunic. I crossed my arms over my chest, fingers unintentionally pressing into the soft curves I still hadn’t gotten used to. The sensation made my stomach twist. "I’d rather not have </span>
      <span class="c16">these</span>
      <span class="c8">, thank you very much. Besides..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sighed and dropped my hands. "If I still had my original form, I could've just walked through the damn front gate."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ughhh, fine, whatever..." Tatl huffed, flipping in midair. "You're </span>
      <span class="c16">such</span>
      <span class="c8"> a buzzkill sometimes. Just trying to lighten the mood! This place could be worse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"And </span>
      <span class="c16">you’re</span>
      <span class="c8"> welcome to stay down here in this...ugh...smelly sewer if you love it so much," I snapped back, trudging after her. My voice echoed off the tunnel walls—high-pitched, strained, unfamiliar. It mocked me like some other version of myself had stolen my place.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Without warning, the earth shuddered beneath my feet. I staggered, catching myself against the slick stone as another tremor groaned through the ground. The walls moaned around me, the vibrations crawling through my bones.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As the rumbling faded, I let out a shaky breath I hadn’t realized I’d been holding.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link! This isn’t a spa day! Save the beauty rest for after we stop the moon!" Tatl barked from ahead, her glow flickering like an impatient candle.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">I swear I'm going to pull her wings off...</span>
      <span class="c8"> I thought darkly, scowling as I resumed my squelching march down the sewer path.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">I plodded on for a few more meters, stopping at the edge of a waterway. The narrow canal spilled over into a deeper basin, its surface reflecting the flickering light of a torch perched atop a cubic stone island rising from the center of the fetid pool. The air was thick with the stench of stagnant water and mildew. Though the torch looked deceptively close, the jump required to reach it seemed longer than any I’d attempted before. Tatl hovered above the stone platform, her wings casting tiny ripples of light on the surrounding walls.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"C'mon! Just hop across, it's not that far!" Tatl called, her glow dancing in encouragement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">Well, I've come all this way,</span>
      <span class="c15"> I told myself. </span>
      <span class="c17">I can't turn back now!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I backed up a few paces, took a deep breath, and broke into a run. I leapt from the edge, feeling an unexpected surge of grace and lightness in my stride—perhaps a strange benefit of my newly changed form. I soared further than I’d ever thought possible, landing on the stone block with a jarring thump. The impact made my chest bounce painfully, drawing a startled grunt from my lips, but I managed to stay upright. I turned and looked back in awe. That had definitely been the furthest leap I’d ever made.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Nice job! For once you're actually light on your feet!" Tatl praised with a chuckle. "Think you can make it to the other side?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She gestured toward the far end of the waterway. Beyond the dark ripples, the tunnel resumed—grey stone walls and a low ceiling funneling toward a sharp turn. Another torch flickered at the bend, its dim glow casting spidery shadows across the floor. I nodded, shaking out my shoulders.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I think I’ve got one more in me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"OK, I’ll go on ahead and wait for you," Tatl chimed, zipping through the dank air and disappearing toward the next landing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">Tatl paused beside the flickering torchlight, hovering just above the ledge to ensure I'd landed safely. I took a deep breath, wanting to show off a bit, and sprinted toward the gap. Launching from the island ledge with a burst of energy, I tucked into a forward flip midair—twisting through the gloom like a ribbon on the wind. My soft deer hide boots struck the stone floor with a muted thud near the water’s edge, and I let out a breathless laugh of triumph.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pfft... show off," Tatl muttered, though I caught the amused twinkle in her glow. "Let’s move on before you sprain something."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes and waved her off with a half-smile, striding confidently down the corridor. The dark stone walls curved ahead, and faint glimmers of light began to flicker against them. The ambient torchlight caught on the subtle green folds of my traveling cloak, its soaked hem brushing the backs of my knees with each step. Beneath the cloak, my long brown tunic clung damply to my frame, its edge falling just past my thighs. My black tights were still damp and snug against my legs, their fabric streaked with a few smudges from the crawlspace. My soft deerskin boots, supple and silent, squelched faintly with every footfall. Damp air whispered through the tunnel and toyed with the cloying strands of my ponytail as I extended my gloved hands for balance, each step placed with cautious resolve.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We crept closer until another chamber emerged from the shadows. A large, rough-hewn square had been carved into the wall—clearly shaped by hand tools rather than magic. The warm light beyond spilled invitingly through the passage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I eased forward and peered through the stone threshold.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Inside, the room glowed with a cozy, unexpected charm. Several large wooden crates lined the left wall, worn from age but still sturdy. Piles of old carpets and raggedy rugs lay scattered around, forming a lumpy nest of color in the center. Wooden toys, half-broken but lovingly repaired, sat beside a handful of dog-eared books. A cluster of torches bathed the chamber in golden light, their flames casting playful shadows across the walls—each one covered in vibrant finger-paint drawings. Suns, stars, and strange animals danced across the stone in swirls of blue, red, and green. At the far end, a wooden ladder rose toward another hallway, its rungs polished by many small hands climbing again and again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">I moved into the room some paces, but stopped when I heard a burst of loud snoring. I quickly signaled for Tatl to do the same, and began looking side to side in order to locate the source. I noticed four boys, of various ages, sleeping among the rug and blanket piles. The snoring was coming from a plump kid wearing a blue outfit. He was rolled over on his belly, and had the number "five" stitched to the back of his shirt. This must have been the Bomber's hideout!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">Carefully, I stepped between scattered piles of blankets and half-eaten snacks, my every movement deliberate. I doubted the Bombers would appreciate a so-called girl discovering their sacred sanctuary, and waking them up might have led to chaos. Thankfully, the soft, supple leather of my new deerskin boots muted my steps. They hugged just beneath my knees, the flexible hide offering both warmth and silence—far better than the clunky pair I’d worn before. Those would've given me away in an instant.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">Each footfall was painstakingly measured, the dim lantern light flickering across the sleeping forms like a warning. My brown tunic brushed quietly against my black tights with every step, and my green cloak swayed gently behind me. Fingerless gloves gripped the bow slung across my shoulder, and for a brief moment, I almost felt like myself again—except for the telltale shift in my center of balance and the weight now subtly distributed across my frame.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">At last, I reached the ladder nestled in the far wall. Tatl was already hovering above it, her soft glow casting faint shadows on the rungs. I climbed steadily upward, the ladder's wood cool and slightly damp beneath my fingers. The hush behind me remained unbroken—only the soft, rhythmic snoring of the sleeping Bombers whispered up from below. At the top, I allowed myself a quiet breath of relief and stole one last glance downward. The boys were still deeply asleep, untouched by our quiet intrusion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We pressed forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The passage opened into a chamber that felt like a forgotten observatory dreamt into stone. Warm golden light from flickering sconces pooled in the corners, glinting off burnished brass instruments and dust-flecked glass. Tables brimmed with beakers of glittering, colored solutions and thin-necked flasks that pulsed with internal light. Delicate copper wires curled between vials and glass orbs, while intricate metal tools lay scattered like alchemical relics awaiting their forgotten purpose. It smelled faintly of old ink, lavender, and something bright and metallic—like the memory of starlight caught in glass.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Books were stacked not only on shelves, but also in organized towers on the floor, their leather spines creased with age. One bookshelf sagged under the weight of ancient tomes and coiled scrolls tied with twine, their paper yellowed and curling. Nearby, a well-worn recliner rested by a brass reading lamp, a folded quilt draped over one arm as if awaiting the return of a scholar long in retreat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">To the right, a spiral staircase emerged from the stone floor—made of sun-faded wood dyed a mottled blue, its railings carved with swirling constellations and crescents. It curled upward into shadow, a beckoning ribbon that shimmered with mystery.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh... hey Link," Tatl murmured, slowing in the air. "You should go on without me. I think I'm gonna stay down here..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What?... Why?" I paused, foot hovering over the first step. Tatl's glow dimmed, her wings twitching with unease as a look of guilt twisted across her tiny features.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Umm... Well, back when I was with the Skull Kid, we... </span>
      <span class="c16">might</span>
      <span class="c15"> have gotten into some trouble with the astronomer. Messed with his gear a little. And he </span>
      <span class="c16">might</span>
      <span class="c8"> have tried to set us on fire. Look, it's complicated, and I'd really rather not talk about it. Just... go. I’ll wait here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I blinked in disbelief. "He </span>
      <span class="c16">tried to set you on fire</span>
      <span class="c8">?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl shrugged, trying to act casual but failing miserably. "It was more of a... strategic use of a blowtorch. Anyway, bygones!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Despite myself, I let out a short huff of laughter. It cut through the anxiety, just a little. I looked at her more kindly, the corner of my mouth twitching up. "You'll be okay. Just don’t touch anything this time, pyromancer."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl flickered nervously again, wings buzzing. "Right! Just stay calm, don't break anything, and you’ll be fine! Probably. And hey—if he tries to roast you, remember: duck and cover."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I groaned, but the banter soothed something knotted inside me. I placed a hand on the railing, a reluctant smile tugging at my lips. The thought of dealing with an eccentric old man wasn’t appealing—especially one who may or may not have weaponized a blowtorch—but I’d come too far to hesitate now. One step at a time, I ascended the staircase, my boots echoing softly against the worn wood, each step lit with scattered hues of refracted starlight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">At the top, I stepped into a vast circular chamber that felt like crossing a threshold into myth. The Star Chamber. Above me, images of stars and moons swirled across the curved indigo ceiling—projected from a massive, cylindrical scope mounted on a raised platform in the center of the room. The scope stretched upward, disappearing through the open roof like a pipe organ of the cosmos, reaching for the stars it sought to understand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The walls were lined with diagrams and sketches of constellations, planetary cycles, and celestial mechanics, all scribbled over in a spidery, near-illegible scrawl. Charts fluttered slightly from the drafts in the room, catching the soft light with every movement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I let out a breath. There, just to the side, was a door leading out to fresh air. My shoulders relaxed just a touch. No more tunnels, not today. Thank the goddesses.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shook the exhaustion from my limbs and stepped further into the room. I was too close now to back down. Somewhere in here, I’d find the help I desperately needed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">In the center of the raised platform, directly beneath the towering telescope, stood an old man draped in flowing blue robes that shimmered faintly like starlight. His white beard cascaded down to his chest in wisps, and a pair of round spectacles perched precariously on his nose. Behind him, scrolls and parchment were scattered across a side table, as though he lived entirely among the stars.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">That must be the astronomer,</span>
      <span class="c8"> I thought, and approached with caution, noting the way his long fingers nimbly adjusted a dial on the telescope.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The elderly man remained hunched over the scope, brow furrowed in intense concentration. I stepped carefully onto the platform, trying not to startle him. Still, the wooden floor gave a faint creak under my weight. He turned with a soft grunt, eyes twinkling beneath his lenses as he finally noticed me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh! Hello there, young lady!" he greeted with theatrical flair, his voice echoing slightly beneath the domed ceiling. "Such a rare delight to receive visitors in these days of uneasy stars. My name is Reton, humble observer of the heavens and caretaker of this observatory. And who might you be, starborn wanderer? The Bombers rarely send strangers through their secret way... are you one of their trusted allies?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhhh...hi…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I replied awkwardly, my stomach twisting at the greeting. 'Young lady' again. No matter how many times I heard it, it still hit like a slap—like an echo of something I wasn’t ready to accept. I tried to swallow the discomfort, plastering on a faint smile. Best not to raise any red flags.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Um... the Great Fairy sent me. She said the moon would guide the way?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Mmm... the Great Fairy, you say?" Reton stroked his beard, his eyes gleaming with a flicker of curiosity. "Then surely this is no ordinary errand. Very well, let us see what the heavens reveal."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He turned back to the towering mechanism with a fond reverence, adjusting the intricate array of brass knobs and ivory-inlaid dials. Each click echoed like the ticking of a cosmic clock in the hushed observatory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"There we go," he murmured with satisfaction. "Come, child, look through this telescope and see what the skies would have you know."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I stepped up to the massive lens... or</span>
      <span class="c16"> telescope</span>
      <span class="c8"> as he called it, and leaned forward, one hand steadying myself against the polished wood casing. The metal eyepiece was cool against my skin. The surface of the moon loomed close in the frame, cratered and brooding, its furious face looming like a cosmic horror. No sign of the Skull Kid—yet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"How do I move it?" I asked, trying to keep my voice even, though the sheer craftsmanship of the instrument made me nervous to touch it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ah yes, yes—of course," Reton said, gesturing with a knobby hand that trembled slightly with age. "This dial will guide you left and right, and those smaller ones—zoom. Treat her gently, as you would a skittish steed or a cherished harp. She's a bit cranky, but she can dance if you know how to lead her."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded and began to adjust the view. The image shifted as I panned outward, revealing more of the town and the rolling horizon beyond. The sun now blazed high and golden, casting stark shadows that stretched like fingers across the cobbled streets. I realized with a jolt that it must be nearing noon—the crawl through the tunnels had stolen more time than I’d thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Clock Town sparkled below me like a freshly polished gem. Wet rooftops glinted as if lacquered in gold, and puddles in the alleys gleamed like shattered bits of glass. Banners snapped crisply in the breeze, their colors bright against freshly scrubbed stone. Flower boxes brimmed with renewed life, their petals unfurling as if the storm had kissed them awake. Chimneys puffed lazy curls of smoke, and the rooftops shimmered with the rain’s last sighs. The town looked reborn, yet beneath the sparkle was a tension I could feel in my bones—a peace too delicate to last.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I adjusted the telescope and swept it slowly over the town’s perimeter, tracing the walls before shifting to the wild world beyond. Towering snow-draped mountains loomed behind the town, rising like frozen sentinels. Their jagged peaks kissed the clouds, stark against the blue-washed horizon. To the west, a great sea shimmered like molten silver, its waves lapping endlessly against some distant unseen shore. To the east, ochre-colored desert canyons sprawled across the land like cracks in a sun-scorched map. Below the telescope’s reach, thick trees stood like silent sentinels, ringing a barren stretch of deforested flatlands that encircled the town like a forbidden wall of green, veiling whatever moved beneath their canopy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Despite the clarity, I found no sign of the masked Skull Kid. Nothing but the endless world and the impossible weight of uncertainty. I thought back to what Tatl had said—the Skull Kid could travel between realms. If that was true... was he even in this world anymore? The question hung in my chest like stone. I sighed and stepped back from the lens.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The astronomer must have heard me and turned, concern etched in his wrinkled features.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"My dear, what's the matter? Did you not find what you were looking for?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No," I said softly, feeling the weight of failure settle on my shoulders. "I couldn't find anything."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, what might you be looking for? Perhaps I could be of some assistance?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I hesitated, uncertain. But the Great Fairy trusted this man. If she believed in him, maybe I could too. I swallowed and decided to take the risk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm looking for a masked skull kid. He stole something very precious from me, and I have to get it back."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Reton stiffened. "Wait... Skull Kid? You mean </span>
      <span class="c16">the</span>
      <span class="c8"> Skull Kid—the one who's been wreaking havoc across Termina? The one who nearly destroyed my laboratory?!" His voice bristled with sudden outrage, his hands clenched at his sides.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I think so," I replied cautiously. "Do you think you know where he is?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Reton stroked his long, wiry beard and hummed, a deep furrow forming between his brows. Then, suddenly, his eyes brightened with inspiration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, but I might have a theory. Have you noticed how the moon seems to be glaring down at a specific point?" The elder shuffled toward the telescope.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stepped aside, allowing him access to the lens. "No, not really. I hadn’t even considered it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Neither had I—until recently," he said, adjusting the telescope with quick, practiced movements. "That dreadful imp has stumbled across something of immense power. He’s been using it to sow chaos across the realm. What if he’s also using it to control the moon? And if that’s true... then maybe the moon’s gaze itself is a clue."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He rotated the dials and adjusted the zoom, the soft clicks of the apparatus punctuating the tension in the room. Suddenly, Reton let out a sharp, triumphant bark of laughter and stepped back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ah-ha! I believe I’ve found his hiding place!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I darted forward and pressed my eye to the lens. The red glow of the moon’s furious gaze filled my view, and as Reton nudged the telescope to follow its line of sight, the lens came to rest squarely on the top of the town’s ancient clock tower.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"There he is!" I gasped, breath catching with a strange mixture of excitement and dread. "The Skull Kid—he’s on top of the clock tower!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Indeed he is, child." Reton's bushy eyebrows rose in concern. "But what are you going to do? You should be fleeing! That moon will likely fall tomorrow morning, and you must escape to a place far from here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I can't run from this. I… I need to stop him." I stepped back from the telescope, my hands clenched at my sides. "It's the only chance I have to get my life back to normal. Why don't </span>
      <span class="c16">you</span>
      <span class="c8"> run?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The old man gave a soft, wistful smile. "My life is almost at an end anyway, my dear girl. I'd rather die watching a beautiful, cosmic show of destruction than gasping for a last breath of air on my deathbed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stared at him for a moment, surprised by the serenity in his voice. Then I nodded. I understood. If I was going to die, I, too, would rather go out in a blaze of glory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But unlike him, I wasn’t ready to give up yet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned away, making for the edge of the platform. Behind me, Reton’s voice rang out with a sudden urgency.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"If that wretched imp has the power to bring down the moon, what hope do you have of beating him, my dear?" he pleaded. "You wouldn’t stand a chance—even with that magnificent bow slung on your back!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I paused, one foot already lifted to leap from the platform, and glanced back over my shoulder. I gripped the bow on my back instinctively, as if drawing strength from its presence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Even if I don’t succeed," I said quietly, my voice low but steady, "I have to at least try. Because if I do nothing, I’ll lose </span>
      <span class="c16">everything</span>
      <span class="c8">. And I’ve already lost too much."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">A flicker of heat tightened in my throat—half grief, half defiance. For days now, I'd been changing, unraveling, and fighting to hold onto something that still felt like </span>
      <span class="c16">me</span>
      <span class="c8">. But now, for the first time, the path forward didn’t feel like surrender. It felt like a battle worth fighting.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The elderly man chuckled, a warm sound tinged with admiration. "Well... I must admit. You have far more courage within </span>
      <span class="c16">you</span>
      <span class="c15"> than most of the denizens of Termina </span>
      <span class="c16">combined</span>
      <span class="c8">. I wish you the best of luck, child."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I offered him a faint, grateful smile, then turned and descended the winding stairs—now armed with the most important thing of all: not just resolve, but a burning need to reclaim my fate, to right the wrongs Skull Kid has brought on this world before it was too late.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
