<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_7"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.gr2ggeb2wi4t">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Nine</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.66e19cd6ipj">
      <span class="c14">Dawn of the Final Day</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My eyes snapped open and I screamed in panic. The contents of my stomach lurched up into my throat and I keeled over, vomiting a stream of clear fluid beside the chair. Tatl frantically twinkled over me, reaching down to try to hold my hair back while I dry heaved, then slumped back into the chair, weak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My forehead was damp with cold sweat, and flecks of vomit dotted the wool blanket, still bundled around me. The fire in the fireplace had died to smoldering embers, but the room was still brightly illuminated by the bedside lantern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link, are you alright?!" Tatl cried in shock, releasing my hair. "You were tossing and turning in your sleep, mumbling something about hair."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I wiped my mouth on the blanket and groaned, still nauseous, and feebly nodded in response to Tatl. "Uggghhhhh...yeah. I think I'll be fine. I just had a... terrible nightmare. No big deal. What time is it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I dunno, probably not yet dawn...are you sure you're ok?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I leaned up and looked at the fairy. I felt a little off balance, but I repeated myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes, I'll be ok. Thank you for your concern though..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pfft, I wasn't concerned! I just want you to be able to beat the Skull Kid is all," Tatl sneered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes and sighed. It was not easy to get a read on Tatl. It was as if she had a switch that flipped from prickly and sarcastic to nurturing and kind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok sheesh! Sorry I said anything..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I muttered and attempted to stand, but fell back into the chair with an unexpected shift of balance. Was I suddenly changed even more?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhhh...Tatl? Did I go through more...changes?" I asked, not wanting to check myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl drifted close to my face to study my features, then she quickly looked away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, I don't think so... uhhh... If anything you look more rested. Still, maybe you should wait before you start moving around, just to calm your nerves." The pixie replied with a nervous glance, but quickly changed the subject. "Oh, but good news! Your clothes are all dry. I threw them onto the bed while you were passed out. They're ready to go, and now that you're up we should be too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced back to the clothes on the bed and smiled faintly. I knew there was more to Tatl than her abrasive personality and sarcasm—there was a soft spot hidden beneath that sassy exterior after all.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, how nice of you," I smirked, voice still hoarse. "You know... you've been a huge help to me these past couple days. If it weren't for you... well, I probably wouldn't have lasted this long, so... thank you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now now, don't get all mushy on me. Remember, I'm only sticking around until I'm reunited with my brother!" Tatl lectured, though her light flickered with a quiet warmth. "It's getting late, and we still have to find that gang leader. First things first, you need to get dressed. Can you stand up now?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I think so. Shouldn't be too much of a problem..." I answered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I leaned forward and shakily stood, still bundled in the blanket. I managed to find my balance and tentatively walked to the bed. My body swayed after each step, my equilibrium becoming momentarily unstable. My gut was still squeamish, and I felt lightheaded, but I crossed the room to the bed with little consequence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, I'm taking off the blanket, Tatl," I warned.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Trust me, I'm not looking... blech! Do your thing already."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I steeled my nerves with a deep breath and slowly unwrapped the blanket, letting it drop to the floor. A chill wafted across my body and I shivered, wrapping my arms around myself. My palms met soft, unfamiliar curves. My breath hitched, and I recoiled instinctively, horror rising in my throat like bile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Ample bosoms now rested on my chest—weighty and alien, large enough to disrupt my posture and balance. Even my arms had slimmed to match my delicate hands, their strength stripped away and replaced with elegance I didn’t recognize.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gasped aloud, my throat tightening as I stepped back. The movement jostled my chest, triggering a disorienting bounce that sent a shiver through my spine.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh gods... no... no no, please nooo..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I trembled, unable to stop myself from looking. My eyes trailed downward past the unfamiliar mounds of flesh, following the unmistakable hourglass curve of my torso to the place I had been dreading. What had once defined my identity below the waist had vanished, replaced by a smoothness I couldn’t even bear to comprehend.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I slapped a hand over my mouth, stifling the cry that threatened to escape. My breathing turned shallow, panicked, each breath a sharp edge slicing through my ribs. My heart pounded like a war drum, and nausea rose in waves until the room tilted beneath me. I staggered back a step, barely catching myself on the nearby bedpost before collapsing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The realization crashed through me with the weight of a landslide. This wasn’t just a curse anymore—it was a complete metamorphosis. I had become a woman.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tears welled in my eyes, blurring the room, and I clutched my face in trembling hands.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"This... can't be happening... This can't be happening!" I rasped, rocking slightly as I tried to keep from falling apart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl’s voice broke through the fog. "H-Hey, is everything OK over there?" she called out, her voice taut with concern. "Is something wrong? Link?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I couldn’t bring myself to answer. I was unraveling from the inside out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, no, no, no! Don't! Don't look, Tatl... please... I'm... I'm ok!" I replied, my voice thick with emotion, trying to hold myself together by the thinnest of threads.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You sure? You don’t sound—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I’m fine!" I cut her off too sharply, too fast. The silence that followed was heavy, but she didn’t press me further.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My fingers trembled as I reached for the clothes on the bed. Every motion was slow, like I was underwater—adrift in a body I didn’t recognize, aching to wake from a dream I couldn’t escape.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I managed to find the shirt and threw it over my head, thrusting my arms through the sleeves. Pulling it over my uncomfortable breasts, I let the garment fall to its length below my hips, covering my groin, then reopened my eyes. I reached for the tight black pants next with shaking hands and quickly pulled them on over my now smooth legs. The leggings were much more comfortable now, and far less constraining. My legs must have lost even more muscle mass...along with the hair that once covered them! The tight pants were snug and form fitting along my now dismally flat waist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A few tears fell upon the bed, and a few strands of, noticeably more auburn, hair dangled before my eyes. I swept a hand over my face wiping the tears and hair away, and quickly snatched one of the light deerskin boots. I lifted my foot to slip it inside and managed to get it halfway through, when I suddenly lost balance. I couldn't catch myself and yelped as my rump painfully crashed to the hard wooden floor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link! Are you alright!?" Tatl exclaimed. She gasped and sped over to me. "What hap ...?" The fairy inspected me closely, and surprise filled her face as she realized that the curse had fully run its course. "Ohhh...I see...I'm sorry. Are you...ok though?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"N -no..." I sobbed uncontrollably, finally overcome by despair. "L -look at me! What do I do now? Why is this happening to me?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl didn’t speak at first. She hovered close in gentle silence, her glow dimming to a soft shimmer. After a moment, she gently said, "Ummm... maybe you should lie down on the bed... just for a minute. Catch your breath."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I let out a bitter scoff between gasps, clutching at the boot I’d dropped. "Lie down? Are you joking? Right... because there's no way I'm going to save myself now, huh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, that's not what I meant..." she said quickly, fluttering closer. "Look, it’s not over yet! We can still change you back—and save my brother, OK? All we gotta do is find your instrument."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah... because that’s going to be so simple now," I muttered, swiping at my cheeks with the back of my glove. The tears had slowed, but the sting remained.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hesitated, her voice quieter. "Not really. Not unless you want to be that way forever. Are you... going to be okay? Do you need some time?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm fine. Or... I will be," I snapped, forcing the words through clenched teeth. My voice trembled despite my bravado. "As soon as I totally destroy that masked, impish idiot. This is only a temporary setback!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">There was a pause, then a cautious flutter from behind. "Umm... well. If you're sure you're okay... we should probably be on our way. I don’t think we have much time left. I was woken up by the earth quaking just before you started talking in your sleep."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her concern wasn’t lost on me. She didn’t push further. Just floated there, giving me space. And strangely... that helped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gave a stiff nod, wiping the lingering tears on my sleeve. Sighing, I slid the boot fully on and rose to my feet, wincing at the dull ache still blooming in my tailbone. I sat back on the bed to finish dressing, slipping on the second boot and shrugging into my cloak. After tugging on my fingerless gloves, I glanced around the room, my eyes landing on the crumpled mess near the chair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I scooped up the blanket I had used, tossing it over the puddle near the chair. Thankfully, there were no signs of vomit—just water and tears. I silently thanked the Great Fairy's magic for quelling my hunger. Anju didn’t deserve to clean up after me. She already carried too many burdens.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I flinched suddenly as a sharp tug jolted the back of my head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Owww! Tatl! What did I say about doing that?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hold... still, Link! Your hair's a disaster again!" the fairy chirped, her tiny hands working through my tangled locks. "Just let me... fix it... THERE! All done, you big baby."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shot her a glare, rubbing the sore spot while she smugly tousled my bangs and floated back with a triumphant hum. I raised a gloved hand to my face and shook my head. She really could be a pain… but she stayed. And that meant something.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Despite everything, I gave her a faint smile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Let's just get going," I muttered, pulling my bow from the bed and slinging it across my back. "We have a long day ahead."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned down the lamp, wiped away what remained of the mess, and gave the room a final once-over. Satisfied, I locked the door behind us as Tatl hovered beside me, her glow steady and quiet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We made our way back downstairs when we suddenly heard a loud crash coming from the first-floor hallway. I dashed downstairs and through the hall in the direction of the clatter. Upon hearing Anju's voice, I halted. It sounded like she was talking to someone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Jim! Why are you always causing trouble?! Don't you think we have enough going on right now? Put that ridiculous thing away and clean up your mess!" An exasperated Anju scolded.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, don't yell at me, I'm just trying to learn how to protect us! You never know when a weapon will come in handy. Especially after the moon falls and the survivors are fighting for food and water!" a prepubescent boy defended.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I inched closer to see if I could try to peek at whom Anju was speaking to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You need to stop with these awful fantasies of yours. It's going to get you into even more trouble with mother. And if the moon does fall, well... there likely won't be anyone left...so stop being a brat and just grow up, Jim!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Had I been paying attention to the floor, I would have noticed the loose floorboard jutting up. But instead, I caught it with the toe of my boot and stumbled forward, trying to cover a surprised whoop. They noticed me anyway, and the conversation stopped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, who's out there!" the boy challenged into the hall. "Show yourself before I give you a dart sandwich!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That's enough, Jim!" Anju chided. "It's ok, don't be frightened. Jim has more bark than he does bite..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I reluctantly stepped from behind the corner. Anju was with a clearly related redheaded boy half her size, who pointed a long blowgun at me. They stood in what I presumed to be the inn's large kitchen. Pots, pans, and tiny ball-pointed darts littered the black-and-white tile floor. A fire blazed in the oven, with a kettle boiling on the stove that was full of...something. Various vegetables were strewn across a table opposite the room. Anju and the boy were beside a large island table that sat in the middle of the room, with knives stuck into the wood.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh! Miss Link! I'm so sorry if we woke you!" Anju exclaimed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, no, I was... already awake," I assured, trying to compose myself. "I was just coming down when I heard voices and..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"And what? You always go snooping in other people’s business, lady?" Jim scowled, arms crossed defiantly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Anju narrowed her eyes. "Mind your manners, you degenerate child! This is our guest and she will be treated as such."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She turned back to me with a sigh. "Please don’t mind him, Miss Link. This is my kid brother, Jim. He can be... difficult. I hope no offense was taken?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, it’s alright, ma’am, really," I replied gently. "I just wanted to make sure everything was okay."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Anju softened. "Oh, everything’s fine, thank you. And how did you sleep, my dear? If I may say so, it looks like a full night’s rest did wonders! You almost look like an entirely new person."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gave a weary smile, brushing a damp strand from my forehead. "Yeah… an entirely new person..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The words tumbled out before I could catch them, soft and haunted. Something cold settled in my chest, like a secret only I could feel. Anju’s eyes flicked toward me, brows knitting with concern. I forced a shaky grin, trying to push away the weight curling in my gut.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"But uhh yes! The room was lovely. I passed out the moment I sat down. Thank you again for your kindness! It really means a lot."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No trouble at all, Miss Link. I just wish I could say the same for my rude brother." Anju reached out and firmly gripped Jim’s red shirt, giving it a meaningful tug.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">It's fine, really. I've dealt with much worse since coming to this town...trust me. But we had better be going. There's a lot to do, and we're running out of time. Thanks again!" I waved and turned to walk out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh hey, cool! You have a bow?" the young boy shouted with wide-eyed excitement, practically bouncing on his heels. "That's awesome! Can I see it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Leave her alone, Jim, and clean up this mess! Now!" Anju snapped, casting him a sharp look from behind the counter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned around, both Anju and I frowning at the boy, whose enthusiasm visibly deflated. "No, I'm very busy. I need to find a way to the Star Chamber as soon as possible. Playing games is only going to set me back even further."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Without waiting for a response, I turned and started toward the exit, Tatl zipping ahead like a streak of impatient light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, wait!" Jim called, sprinting after me. "Did you say the Star Chamber? I can show you how to get in—I know a secret way!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I halted mid-step, and he nearly crashed into me. I turned with narrowed eyes. "A secret way in? Riiight. Let me guess—you’re one of the 'Bombers,' too?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He puffed out his chest proudly. "Ha! You're looking at their leader, lady."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I raised an eyebrow. "Seriously? I was kinda expecting someone a bit... older."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Psshh, we don't let old grown-ups in the club. Or girls, either, usually... but you don’t seem like most girls. You’ve got that... vibe. So maybe I can cut you a deal—not club membership, but if you want into the Star Chamber, I can get you there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His casual jab landed deeper than I expected, stinging like salt in a wound I hadn’t realized was open. I stiffened, forcing a sigh through clenched teeth and rolling my eyes in practiced deflection. "Fine. What's the catch?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Jim grinned like a fox who’d just found a chicken coop. "You gotta prove you can use that bow. I’ve got some targets up on the roof. If you can hit them, I’ll show you the secret tunnel. Deal?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I crossed my arms and gave him a flat, tired stare. "Why do you care if I can use it? If you want me to prove I’m tough, I could just throw you through a wall."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He barked a laugh. "I like your style! But nah, what would that prove—besides that you can toss a kid? If you hit my targets, that means you’ve got skill. And that means you’re cool enough to be shown the way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced at Tatl, still hovering at the end of the hall with her arms crossed and glow pulsing like an impatient lantern. She caught my eye and gave a lopsided grin, the kind that said "well, what’ve you got to lose?" I let out another sigh, this one laced with reluctant amusement, and reached out to shake Jim’s hand. "Alright, deal. But don't get cocky, kid. I'm still deciding whether you're annoying or charming."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Cool! Follow me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Jim burst down the hall and bounded up the stairs with the energy of someone who’d just downed a whole jug of Lon Lon Milk. Tatl and I hurried after him, her wings trailing sparkles of light as we moved.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As I followed the enthusiastic boy, I noticed a large white number stitched boldly onto the back of his red shirt: a proud and defiant "1." It reminded me of the filthy street urchin we’d run into yesterday—his shirt had worn the number "12" in faded, crooked stitching. Jim's crisp, prominent digit made his position as the leader obvious. I didn’t understand these childish rankings and rituals—maybe it was all pretend. Or maybe, in a world constantly threatened by a falling moon, even pretend things needed structure.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We reached the top floor quickly. Jim skidded to a stop in front of the last door at the end of the hallway, practically vibrating with excitement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, it's right here. I’ll have to set everything up first, so hang tight till I come get you. It’ll just be a minute!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He disappeared inside, leaving the door swinging shut behind him. I caught a narrow glimpse of the eastern sky just beginning to pale. The sun hadn’t risen yet, but it wouldn’t be long. That gave me some hope—I still had daylight left to find the Skull Kid. But not much.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A few moments later, the door swung open again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, everything’s all ready. C’mon, let’s go!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl and I stepped out onto the roof and were greeted by the scent of wet shingles and the sharp tang of morning air. Jim led us toward a large brass bell suspended in a weathered wooden frame. Around the rooftop, water-stained balloons were tied to small rocks, their colors dim in the gray-blue light. The inn rose higher than most buildings nearby, offering a broad view of the horizon—though it was a view quickly consumed by the ever-lowering moon.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Its grotesque face loomed above like a weight pressing down on the world. Even this high up, I felt smaller than ever beneath it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"They say it's going to fall tonight," Jim said. "Is that why you want to go to the Star Chamber? To get front row seats?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No... I just... Look, what do you want me to shoot?" I replied, not really in the mood to explain myself to a kid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Whatever... just shoot those balloons and I'll show you the way in."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded and unslung the bow from my back. My fingers curled instinctively around the polished grip, admiring the artistry in its elegant, swirling inlays. The grain of the wood shimmered faintly, catching the overcast light like it remembered battles of ages past. I gave the silver-flecked string a tentative tug.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait a sec, where are your arrows, lady?" Jim asked, squinting up at me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Arrows? Blast it! I had completely forgotten to look for arrows with all the chaos of the last few days. My heart sank, but I masked it with a confident bluff.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Don't worry about them—I know what I'm doing. Just testing the tension."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I lifted the bow, drawing the string with a quiet breath. To my astonishment, as if summoned by will alone, a glowing shaft of light shimmered into existence, neatly nocked and ready to fire. The arrow pulsed faintly with a magic heartbeat, delicate and fierce.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Whoa! No way!" Jim gasped. "You have a magic bow?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I guess I do," I murmured, still stunned. I turned my gaze back to the balloons, steadying my grip. "Okay... let's see what this thing can really do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I narrowed my focus, clearing my mind. The world stilled as I exhaled slowly and released the shot. The radiant arrow sliced through the air, trailing starlight, and struck the first balloon dead center, popping it with a satisfying bang that echoed like triumph.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That was awesome! Do it again!" Jim cried, bouncing on his toes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I smirked and took aim again. Another breath, another shimmer of light. Two more arrows sang through the sky, bursting the remaining targets in glowing explosions. The bow thrummed softly in my hand, as if whispering approval.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">A deep wave of satisfaction rippled through me. It felt </span>
      <span class="c16">good</span>
      <span class="c15">—</span>
      <span class="c16">right</span>
      <span class="c8">—to fire a bow again. Like I had reconnected with something sacred. Like a piece of myself had returned after days of being lost, warped, twisted into something I am not.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That was AWESOME! YOU'RE AWESOME!" Jim shouted, practically vibrating with excitement. "I gotta say, you have totally earned your passage through to our hideout!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, it's about time, kid!" Tatl sputtered impatiently, her wings buzzing with restless energy. "Let’s get a move on, then!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, it's about time, kid!" Tatl sputtered impatiently, her wings buzzing with restless energy. "Let’s get a move on, then!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well aren’t you just full of cheer today. Calm down, fairy—it’s right this way!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Jim backed away from the roof's edge with a few quick steps, then sprinted forward and vaulted across the gap to the next building. The jump was clean, his landing steady, and the streets below remained ghostly and still—darkened storefronts huddled beneath the pale hush of the pre-dawn sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"C’mon, let’s go!" he called, hands cupped to his mouth. "What’s the matter—scared?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes and re-slung the bow across my back. "Hardly," I muttered, stepping back. With a swift run-up, I leapt the distance and landed light on the balls of my feet. The impact jolted my chest, and I winced. Everything jiggled in a way I was still getting used to. I clutched at my tunic for a moment, then released it with a frustrated breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I took a moment to steady myself. I felt faster—more agile than I had the day before—but every motion now came with a heightened sense of self, an uncomfortable awareness that I was still learning to live in. The way my body moved wasn’t wrong exactly... just unfamiliar. Like wearing armor tailored for someone else.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl fluttered across effortlessly, her glow pulsing in rhythm with the breeze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Awesome! Gosh, it sucks that you’re a girl—you’d make such a great Bomber!" Jim lamented.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A muscle twitched in my jaw. I forced a smirk. "Pfft... tell me about it," I said, my voice dry. "Every day’s a new adventure."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl let out a sharp snort beside me, and I gave her a look that said, 'Not helping.'</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Without answering, Jim pointed to a nearby drain and slid down it with practiced ease, vanishing into the shadows below.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I exchanged a glance with Tatl and shrugged. "Guess we're following the squirrel."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Lead the way, Bombette," she quipped, and I narrowed my eyes at her before stepping forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I wrapped my gloved hands around the edge and slid down after him, the rough metal screeching faintly under my boots. I landed clean and crouched low, just in time to see Jim darting off again toward a narrow alleyway that terminated in a brick wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We chased after him, water puddles splashing underfoot—when suddenly, the ground quaked. I stumbled, catching myself against the damp wall as a low rumble rolled through the stone and air like a beast growling in its sleep. Tatl’s glow dimmed slightly as she hovered beside me, eyes lifted skyward in alarm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link, the moon must be causing that! We have to stop the Skull Kid, now!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That's what I'm doing, Tatl—but we can't if we don't even know where he is." The ground finally ceased its trembling, and I resumed the chase, boots crunching over broken debris.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Jim stopped at the end of the alley near a junk pile. As we caught up, he gave a crooked smirk and began heaving a wooden crate to the side.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, it's just this way. You're skinny, so you should have no trouble fitting through here. But don’t tell anyone about this, got it?" Jim warned, glancing over his shoulder. "This is only for people like us to know. I can't make you a member, but I'd say you earned knowing about this secret... not that it really matters much now, huh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With the crate moved, I saw a small tunnel—probably an old sewer drain, just wide enough for someone of my new size. I approached Jim and gave him a nod of thanks before crouching to examine the tunnel’s mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmmm... hey wait! Before you go, I... I want to give you this." Jim reached beneath his shirt and pulled out a cloth badge. "This is proof of membership. It's kinda against the rules of the club to let you in... but I’ve thought it over. The rules don’t mean much when the sky’s falling."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He held it out, and I took it from his small hand. It was thick and circular, the image of a blue bomb stitched on white cloth. A little dirt smudged the edges, but it was whole. The weight of it in my palm surprised me. More than cloth—it felt like respect. Recognition. Inclusion. A gesture that, just days ago, would’ve felt ordinary—now struck a chord somewhere raw and hidden.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Thank you, Jim. This... really means a lot," I said, my voice softening. I held his gaze a moment, then slipped the badge into my belt pouch with care.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey hey, don’t go all emotional on me now!" Jim teased with a grin. "You’ve earned your spot... well, unofficially, anyway. Just don’t tell anyone. I’d get chewed out for letting a girl in the club."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Look at you lowering your standards to our level! Honestly, you're going to make me blush, tough guy," Tatl said with a mock sigh, her wings flickering with mischief as she tugged on my cloak. Her tone was light, a small offering of humor to ease the heaviness of the moment. "Come on, Link. Let’s move before you start crying too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I chuckled faintly, casting Jim one last grateful look. He gave a lopsided salute, all bravado and scrappy courage. Crouching low, I slipped into the tunnel. The crate scraped back into place behind me with a finality that echoed louder than the wind. Darkness embraced me, cool and damp, swallowing the light behind like a memory fading into shadow. Each step forward echoed in my chest—not fear, not courage… just resolve. The unknown waited—and so did my fate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
