<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_4"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.9i7ljbbaiyyk">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Six</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.mvddb2a19n1q">
      <span class="c14">Twisted Misfortune</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shambled into the Great Fairy's shelter with Tatl cautiously following behind, ready to lend a hand if I started to fall again. Dark, foreboding clouds had blotted out the rising sun, and the wind shifted, bringing the scent of rain with it. As the first droplets fell, a chill crept beneath my tunic, making me shiver—it wasn’t just the cold, but something deeper, like the world itself was holding its breath. Thankfully, we arrived at the cave opening just before the drizzle turned heavier. Tatl helped me along to a corner where I pressed my back to the wall and slid down the smooth stone to sit. Tatl dropped the boots and gauntlets she’d been carrying beside me, and quickly dashed outside once more. I weakly turned my head to glance at the fountain. The Great Fairy had disappeared and only a few small, pink fairies fluttered around the spring waters. A damp Tatl returned moments later, dragging the Great Fairy's luxurious gift behind her and releasing it a few feet away from me. The luminescent blue bow lightly thudded against the hard cave floor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ok </span>
      <span class="c16">huff</span>
      <span class="c15">, I'm pretty sure the Great Fairy has gone to get some much needed rest...lucky..." Tatl twittered, out of breath from hefting my things around. "Just stay here </span>
      <span class="c16">pant</span>
      <span class="c15"> for the time being, and I'll be back with some clothes that will hopefully fit you </span>
      <span class="c16">whew</span>
      <span class="c8"> better."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She took a deep breath then circled around me, likely trying to figure out what size I needed. I just stared at my feet, trying to distract my panicking mind from having a meltdown. My emotions churned like a storm tide—anger crashing into despair, giving way to grim determination, only to drown again in suffocating hopelessness. My chest ached with each breath, and a faint tremor had taken hold of my limbs, as if my body could barely contain the turmoil within.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link, look at me!" Tatl shouted, breaking through my despairing thoughts. "It's going to be alright! We'll find the Skull Kid, you'll defeat him and reverse the spell on you, and then everything will be back to normal!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The fairy's words filled me with a tiny bit of encouragement, but not like before. I hesitantly looked at her twinkling form. She looked just as scattered and uncertain as I felt, so I tried my best to crack a smile and answered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok…." was all I could mutter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sat there in stunned silence, my fears having been validated. The voice that escaped my lips was unmistakably feminine—light, fragile, and entirely foreign. I balled my fist and, rather unwisely, pounded the hard rock wall. Spurts of pain shot through my thin wrist and I clasped it with my other hand, gently massaging it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl cast a worried glance my way before turning to the exit, then fluttered off on her hunt. I didn't know how long I'd be waiting here, but I hoped that she wouldn't be gone for too long. Curse or not, I still had to stop the Skull Kid. What he had done...what he continued to do, was deplorable. I remembered Epona's fate and quietly mourned her loss. I hadn’t allowed myself to fully feel it until now—there had been too much chaos, too much pain. But in this quiet moment, the grief settled like a stone in my chest. I thought back to when I first saw her—a tiny filly, nervous and unsure, only trusting of Malon, the ranch owner's fiery daughter. I had rescued her from Ingo’s cruelty, and from that day on, we had been inseparable. She was more than a companion—she was a piece of home, a piece of </span>
      <span class="c16">me</span>
      <span class="c8">, from a time before the world began to unravel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Now, with my very identity unraveling, her absence cut deeper. She represented a tether to the life I once knew, and now that tether had snapped. A single tear traced down my cheek, carrying with it the weight of everything I was losing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Thunder rumbled outside the cave, shaking me out of my memories. The low growl of the storm felt like an echo of my own turmoil, reverberating through my ribs like distant thunder made flesh. The smell of fresh rain drifted in on a chilled breeze, brushing past my skin like ghostly fingers. I hugged my arms tightly around my uncomfortably protruding chest and curled my legs in close, trying to trap what little warmth lingered in my bones. My loose clothing clung to me, still damp from the dew-soaked grass, and my bare feet and hands tingled with cold. I reached up, half-hopeful, to take my cap and warm my hands inside it—only to find it gone. Who knew where I’d lost it? I didn’t really care anymore. All that mattered was that Tatl returned soon with something warm, something that fit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The fairy fountain shimmered quietly before me, its waters rippling with rain droplets that echoed through the cave in a rhythmic lullaby. The pink fairies were gone, leaving behind only the whispers of the breeze and the soft gurgle of the spring. Time seemed to stretch endlessly. It felt like hours had passed since Tatl had left. My patience was wearing thin, and the chill was starting to bite deeper. I couldn’t just sit still any longer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rose unsteadily and walked toward the fountain, each step slow but more confident than before. My strength had partially returned during the wait, though my body still felt foreign. The stone floor was slick and cold under my bare feet, sending shivers up my legs. I wrapped the damp tunic tighter around my body, seeking warmth where there was none.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">When I reached the fountain, I leaned over it slowly, apprehension knotting in my stomach. The surface revealed a stranger—dark green eyes wide with disbelief, pale fingers rising in sync with mine to touch a face I barely recognized. My once angular features had dissolved into gentle, unfamiliar curves. A dainty nose. Fuller lips. A rounded jaw. My hair was no longer the short blonde mop I remembered—it was now a thick, reddish-blonde curtain falling just past my shoulders. Even my ears had changed, now longer and sleeker, angled like delicate blades.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">This wasn’t a disguise? This was...me?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stumbled backward from the reflection, breath caught in my throat. Anger flared up through the fear, hot and righteous. I was not going to let this stop me. The Skull Kid wanted me weak—wanted me confused, lost in my own skin. But I was the Hero of Time. I had slain beasts twice my size and faced gods in shadow. I had stared down destiny before and carved my own path. I would return to Hyrule. I would marry Zelda, raise warriors, and pass down the strength that had brought me this far.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But then a terrible thought surfaced. I reached between my legs in a panicked reflex.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Relief washed over me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Everything was still there. I silently thanked the gods and, bolstered by the reassurance, returned to my corner with a steadier step.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl arrived just as I settled down, dripping wet and panting with effort.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ok! </span>
      <span class="c16">pant</span>
      <span class="c15"> I think I found something </span>
      <span class="c16">whew</span>
      <span class="c8"> that might fit you!" she gasped, her glow flickering with exertion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She dropped the knapsack and collapsed beside it, wings twitching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rushed over, concerned, but she waved me off.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Don't worry about me! </span>
      <span class="c16">huff huff</span>
      <span class="c15"> Just hurry and put those on before your tunic falls off and you blind me with your disgusting human body!" she barked. "Trust me, I won't look! </span>
      <span class="c16">huff</span>
      <span class="c8"> Just put the dumb clothes on already!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Rolling my eyes, I knelt beside the bundle and opened it. To my surprise, Tatl had managed to piece together a decent outfit—and miraculously, everything was dry. There was a dark brown cotton tunic, long and loose around the neck, a pair of snug black pants, small brown fingerless gloves, a dark green cloak, and supple deerskin boots.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">After checking that Tatl was still catching her breath and not peeking, I undressed quickly, avoiding my reflection in the stone. The tunic slipped over my head easily, soft and oddly comfortable. It hung to mid-thigh and clung to my new, slimmer frame. The leggings were more of a struggle—tight, itchy, and pulling unkindly at leg hair I still had—but they were warm. I adjusted them with a wince.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You can look now, Tatl," I said, my voice painfully light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl took to the air again, circling me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Huh... not bad. I'd say I did a good job." She smirked. "Okay, now put the rest on and let's get going."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I slipped into the boots, their tops reaching just below my knees. They were snug but solid. The cloak, though damp on the outside, was lined with soft fur that instantly warmed me. I wrapped it around myself and re-fastened my old belt and pouches.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"How do I look?" I asked while sliding on the gloves.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl tilted her head and shrugged. "It'll do. But hold still, you're a mess."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She zipped around my head, tugging and twisting until my hair was pulled into a tight ponytail, leaving a curtain of bangs to frame my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, done. Go check it out. But, uh... brace yourself. You've changed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Don’t worry… I already saw," I murmured, and walked to the fountain again, stumbling in the awkward weight of a new body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The outfit wasn’t half bad. The cloak matched the tunic surprisingly well, and despite the snugness of the tights, the ensemble felt... wearable. My hair now sat neatly in a ponytail, though the bangs still fell annoyingly in front of my eyes. Still, I cracked a small smile. Zelda would probably have smiled at me—finally breaking out of the endless forest-green rut of my Kokiri tunic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But the smile faltered. The thought of Zelda seeing me like this chilled me more than the storm ever could. I hated this—hated the idea of her witnessing what I had become. Would she pity me? Look away in horror? Or worse, not recognize me at all? That fear burrowed deep, colder than the cave air. And yet, wallowing wouldn't help. I gritted my teeth, forced a grin, and made a ridiculous face on the fountain’s surface, hoping humor could ward off the shame.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey loverboy! Why don't you just marry yourself already?" Tatl teased, her voice laced with nervous humor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sighed and shook my head. It could’ve been worse. I could’ve been turned into a tree.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">At least I wasn’t </span>
      <span class="c16">completely</span>
      <span class="c8"> female... not yet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But there was no telling how far the curse would go.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl buzzed impatiently, nudging me toward the exit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I grabbed the Great Fairy’s bow and slung it across my back. With one final look at the empty fountain, I turned and followed Tatl out into the storm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It was time to find the Skull Kid—and if I was to end this nightmare, I had to start now...before it consumed me completely.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
