<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_21"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.i7ku9ya5zddj">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Five</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.k015k4wn6qsl">
      <span class="c14">Woodfall</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl and I walked along the river's edge in silence. The rotten stink was quickly getting worse with each step, and I heard the churning of a waterfall up ahead. I pulled the hood over my nose in an attempt to stifle the odor, but it did little good.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The river eventually twisted to the right, around a dense cluster of trees and ferns. After we turned the corner, the careful walk soon turned into a tiresome climb up a large hill with steep, ancient stairs cut into the side of a small mountain. More of the dreary sky opened up as trees and vegetation grew more sparse as we climbed higher.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We passed by shattered statues and dilapidated pillars of limestone with deep cuts, jagged and discolored, as if some monstrous claws had gouged through the stone in a fit of rage. The scars were blackened around the edges, suggesting ancient fire or corruption had licked at them once, and the air here felt heavier—as though whatever made those marks might still be watching. like something raked massive claws along them. Waterfalls of deep violet spilled over the cliffs above us, and I caught the acrid scent of fires burning. We must've been getting close to the lizalfos base camp. I could hear raspy chatter and metal clanging ring out over the roar of the falling water.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's probably a good idea to hide again, Tatl." I quietly muttered, "Or you can go and get a peek at what's at the peak."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm tired of being stuck suffocating under that thing, so I choose the other option. Stay here so I don't lose you, I can barely see you as it is."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fine by me, just be careful."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I leaned against a broken stone pillar covered in dead vines, and Tatl rose up to take a cautionary look over the ridge. She soon returned with a disheartened expression fixed on her features.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So? What did you see?" I anxiously inquired.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh.. You aren't going to like it. There's at least one hundred of those lizards up there, camping on platforms over a lake." The fairy replied, "And…something else that I couldn't fully see, but it was pretty big."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, an army of lizalfos is a challenge, but I bet I can defeat them or scare them off like before." I scratched my chin in thought. "I wonder if that big thing is the 'boss' they mentioned."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You think it could be what the deku queen was talking about? That dino-whatever?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Only one way to find out for sure. This could be that temple where Odalwa's lurking." I started walking up the stone steps, making sure the cloak was properly draped. "I think I've got a plan forming already…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But, I didn't see any buildings except for a few huts and maybe a cave where the big guy was?" Tatl squinted to see where I was heading, quickly following. "Are you sure this is the place?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yep, so let's get this over with. You can watch my back again, OK?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, someone has to keep you alive right? Haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heehee…. the hero's hero…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We both giggled, but quickly grew silent when we neared the top. Levity aside, this would be a dangerous task, and we would need total focus.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I knelt down beneath a columned threshold of cracked marble when we reached the last step. A large crater flattened the mountaintop, and was filled with a lake of poisoned water. Rocky ridges made up the sides like the caldera of a volcano. Bright, purple sludge gurgled up like a spring in the very center of the basin, concentrating the toxin befouling the lake water. The landscape was devoid of life save for the monsters that made the basin their cursed home. Lifeless husks of trees sat like gravestones in the lake. Leaves, branches, carcasses, and other detritus floated along the walls, pushed there by the poisonous spring.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Crude structures, sitting on wooden poles and large boulders, were built over the water. The large host of lizalfos milled about with a variety of cruel weapons, making armor, feasting on carrion, or bickering amongst themselves. Near the burbling liquid at the center was what looked like a ceremonial pillar of stone on which images of deku, monkeys, and humans were carved. At the top stood a more elegant and ancient platform with an outcropping hanging just above the poison spring. There was no sign of any temple though. My stomach twisted with a quiet frustration—maybe Tatl was right after all, and we’d come all this way for nothing. Still, I couldn't shake the feeling that something was hidden, that we were just missing a piece of the puzzle. The flame of determination I had clung to flickered, but I held it tight. There had to be more beneath the surface, or maybe the entrance was through the small cave on the opposite side of the lake. Only one way to know for sure, we had to go through the army of lizard soldiers.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So… you said you had a plan?" Tatl whispered after she found where my head was.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ummm….I did. But, that's way too many for me to handle. Looks like this cloak is going to be of use after all…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, I'm sick of hiding beneath that thing. It's even worse than your other one!" Tatl chimed in annoyance. "Think of another way!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh come on, it can't be that bad." I berated and ducked behind a crumbled wall. "Unless you can think of another way, it's best that you stay out of sight. It looked like some of them were carrying bows and arrows."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft, like they can hit a tiny little fairy. Besides, if I fly out there and distract them, it'll let you sneak past."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"And…. you're ok with putting yourself in harm's way?" I dubiously asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl looked toward the sound of my voice, her glow flickering with uncertainty as she tried to find my eyes beyond the nearly invisible hood. For a heartbeat, she hesitated—then steadied herself, as if sealing her resolve in that fleeting glance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I, er...yeah I guess I am. Seeing you in action, ignoring any fear, has kinda inspired me. And helping you at the camp back there was quite thrilling, I can't just...sit around and hide behind you anymore." She replied in a nervous tone. "It's time I learn to fight anyway, so that I can repay Skull Kid for abusing my brother like he did…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I removed the hood, briefly, so that she could see my somber expression—brows furrowed, lips pressed into a thin line, the weight of too many fights hanging heavy behind my eyes. Pride mingled with dread in my chest; I didn't want her walking this road, but I couldn't deny the fierce spark of courage I saw in her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look...fighting isn't an easy path to take. Look where it's gotten me, for example. And it takes a lot of practice to get any good at it. This really isn't the time t-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey I didn't say I wanted to conquer the world!" Tatl interrupted. "I just don't want to be so helpless anymore."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ugh, fine…" I flung the hood up again, shaking my head. "Just be careful, I won't be able to save you if you get in trouble."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sheesh… okay mom! I'll be careful." Tatl snarked and flew off into the crater.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"She just can't help herself…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I grumbled and walked toward the first platform sitting on the ridge.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A few lizalfos were sitting around a campfire, cooking what appeared to be the remains of a hog. Sneaking past them was simple, since they were occupied with tearing apart their meal with gnashing fangs. The second platform was just as easy, but the group was sparring and one errant swing of a polearm just barely missed gashing my face open. I silently dodged and quickened my pace.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">When I reached the third platform, Tatl decided to start her distraction by tossing small pebbles onto a few of the confused monsters. I couldn't help but feel a strange mix of admiration and concern watching her—boldly darting straight into danger with a fire in her heart, when moments ago she was afraid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha! Take that, you wart-faced toads!" The fairy taunted and dropped another pebble. "That'll teach you to mess with me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The lizalfos hissed and shook a clawed fist, spurring on its brethren.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We gotsss target practice again! Shoot the twinkly! Winner getsss double ration!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I took advantage of the opportunity and tiptoed around the lizard bowmen as they fired off crude, unbalanced arrows at the offending fairy. Thankfully, their aim was terrible and Tatl danced around the projectiles with little difficulty, dropping more pebbles and taunting the monsters.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">The third platform had multiple bridges connecting to different paths. One way led to the cave, another led to their sleeping quarters, and the last seemed to lead to the ancient pillar in the center. I decided to explore the cave, and stepped onto the narrow wooden bridge. One of the lizalfos jumped on it from the other side, focusing on shooting down Tatl. I gave it a little shove just before it released its arrow, and it shrieked as it fell into the dark water below. The toxic liquid bubbled and steamed around the monster as it screamed in pain. Its former comrades laughed. They watched the hapless lizalfos dissolve and dissipate like it was nothing. </span>
      <span class="c42">Barbarians.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehhhehh, ssstupid! Watch where you walk next time!" One of them mocked the sinking body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hahhhh! No next time for you!" Another laughed and pointed, and I felt a wave of cold revulsion rise in me. The cruelty, the delight they took in each other’s pain—it made something harden inside me, something that wouldn’t be so easy to shake.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The others resumed their clumsy target practice on Tatl just before I reached the rocky ground of the cave, still making a game of it. I hoped that the fairy wouldn't get cocky and take an arrow, but judging from their atrocious aim it would literally be a long shot.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stepped into the cave, which was lit with torches made of tough-cut wood. Piles of bone and burnt, half-eaten carcasses were scattered all over the floor. I could hear jeering insults coming from further within, and I decided to investigate. Taking care not to disturb the bones, I soon discovered where the deep, raspy tones originated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fool! Ignorant, halfwitted coward! An entire camp defeated by a lone swordsman?" The brusque voice growled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"N-no, your Fierceness!" The voice sounded just like the lizalfos from the camp. "He was sword Master! He moved like demon and kill-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Enough, pondslime! No excuses, you know what happens to those that fail me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Please, Lord Grixos! N-n-nooo! Give me- AAUUGHHH!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sickening sounds of tearing flesh and cracking bone resonated through the cave as the screams of the lizalfos abruptly ceased. I reached the innermost cavern just to see the upper half of the lizard beast being thrown towards me, and I sidestepped quietly as the body sailed past and splattered against the wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Two armored spearmen cowered at the entrance, and looking past them I could understand why. A very large creature, nearly ten times my size, covered in spiny scales and a long, spiked tail...hunched over the remains of the lizalfos, gnashing through bone and sinew with a sickening crunch</span>
      <span class="calibre1"> </span>
      <span class="c33">Chandeliers made from a variety of skulls were bolted to the top of the cave by chains, and what looked like a fountain of foul, brackish water lay at the back. Black scorch marks lined the walls like clawed fingers of shadow, curling and creeping across the stone. The scent of burnt minerals and something darker—like scorched flesh or sulfur—hung in the air. It wasn’t just fire that left these marks; it felt like hatred, old and violent, had once raged here, leaving behind a warning in charcoal and heat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">That must be the dinolfos…</span>
      <span class="c34"> I thought to myself, sneaking past the guards. </span>
      <span class="c42">If I can slay him, maybe all the others will run.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As soon as I entered the room, the huge lizard lord paused in its feast, sniffing around.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait… What's that smell?" It boomed at the shaking underlings. "Smells like….like a human. Where is it!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No human here, boss! We see no one!" replied one of the spearmen.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can smell it, you idiots, it's in here somewhere." The leader stood, sniffing closer and stomping towards me. "Come out, little human! No use in hiding, accept your fate!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Slitted, yellow-green eyes focused on right where I was standing, and a hissing laugh escaped from its fanged jaws.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hhhhaahhhaaaa… very very clever. Why don't you remove that odd cloak and show your face, or I'll flambé you where you stand."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The game was up, and I knew my cover was blown. I urgently formulated a plan as I removed the hood and placed the cloak on the filthy cave floor. The dinolfos crouched down to get a closer look, and I squinted back welling tears as its putrid, hot breath burned my eyes and nostrils.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Interesting… I wasn't expecting such a tiny creature like you. I wonder…. What's your purpose here, young one?" The dinolfos mused, clearly thinking I was helpless.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh you know, just taking in the sights. Nice place you have here." I remarked sarcastically. "The bones give it a good, homey feeling!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">If the great lizard had lips, they would be smiling. Grixos breathed a heavy, sweltering laugh.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hhhhaahhhaaaa! You have great courage, I'll give you that! Much greater than those sniveling toads out there. I can appreciate your bravery… In fact I'll even grant you a quick death, which I assure you is preferable to facing the mighty Odalwa. Yet you have not answered my question."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ah, right…well...umm"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I frantically thought and suddenly remembered the circus performers</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I heard about your greatness from the weak and pitiful deku, and I seek to entertain your lordship!" I bowed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The beast glowered at me, narrowing its gaze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"A tiny human girl comes all this way, merely to entertain me? Do you think me brainless? That is the most ridiculous story I've heard today… and that's saying much."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's true, your fierceness! I am but a humble performer aspiring to entertain those who can't witness it anywhere else! See?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I leapt into the air with a twisting backflip, wincing slightly as my bow knocked against my head, and landed with a flourish.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The huge reptile raked a talon along its jaw in thought, growling menacingly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If you are being truthful, and really are an entertainer, you have still thoughtlessly wasted your life. Why don't you just be a good little human, and let me hastily end you. It's been a long while since I've tasted the sweet flesh of your kind…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Dribble flowed from the scaly mouth as its clawed hand began to reach down. I rolled to the side quickly to avoid being dinner.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh I'll be more than happy to accept your kindness." I said and slowly started going for my mask. "But at least let me entertain you first, Great Lord!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The dinolfos lunged at me once more, and I leapt back and held the mask to my face. The claws drew close and, as soon as I felt the sword return, I drew the blade across the lizard's open palm. The beast halted and clutched at its bleeding hand, hissing in pain. It glared at me as tendrils of smoke began to rise from its nostrils.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ahhh… Now that is a trick I've not seen before. Very good, human. But you have sealed your doom!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A stream of fire erupted from the dinolfos' mouth, singeing my tunic as I barely managed to escape. The spiked tail swung towards me and I raised my shield, bracing for impact. The strike wasn't forceful enough to knock me away, so I brought down my sword and cleaved a deep gash through the tail. Scalding flames burst toward me once more as the dinolfos roared with furious slashing. I leapt before the entrance with the flames following close behind, and the lizalfos' standing guard fled the cavern to avoid being roasted alive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Arghhh! You must be that swordsman that destroyed my scout camp! What kind of creature are you?" The dinolfos bellowed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn't bother answering, opting to press my advantage instead. I ducked inside the dinolfos' reach in order to slash at its heavily muscled legs, but the monster lizard jumped away releasing another blast of flame from its mouth. I was trapped, and the fountain of tepid water behind me was the only way to escape being torched. I quickly rolled into the water just before the flames reached me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fountain yawned beneath me—far deeper than I expected. It swallowed me whole, but it also saved my skin. A light suddenly appeared in the dark depths, and its green glow intensified. I immediately regretted my decision to jump into the fountain. I was trapped, the water above beginning to boil from the ferocity of the flames, and the ghostly light beneath getting brighter. I needed to get out, feeling my lungs straining with the lack of oxygen, and glanced around for any odd openings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Young warrior, have you come to free me?" A musical voice chimed clearly in the deep.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The light encompassed me and suddenly I could breathe again, even though I was still submerged. I gulped in precious air and answered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh...I don't know -cough cough-. Who are you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The green glow dimmed for a second, then shimmered as the voice spoke again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's not safe to talk. Defeat Grixos and I can tell you all I know…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pool darkened once again, but as the light faded so did my air supply. I glanced up, hoping the river of flame ceased, and was relieved to see my hope fulfilled. I watched the dinolfos peer into the pool, then it turned to stomp away in satisfaction.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Now was my chance for a surprise attack! I rushed up and out of the steaming water with a splash, sprinted to the monster and plunged my blade into its spiked back! Grixos loosed a thunderous roar, and fire spewed from its mouth. A massive claw grabbed me, and I felt stomach-churning weightlessness as I went flying.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The impact of me pounding against the wall knocked the breath from my lungs, possibly breaking ribs, but remaining still would result in certain death. A wall of flame surged towards me and I jumped away with all the energy I had left. When I landed on the ground, still winded and gasping, I reached for my sword to find it gone. I panicked and searched the disgusting cave floor, only to notice my hands and body had transformed again. I groaned in frustration, the sudden shift tugging at my insides in a way that didn’t shock me anymore...but still left me shaken, as if I’d just shed someone else’s skin. It was getting harder to remember which shape felt most like home.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ohhh you have got to be kidding meEEEAGHH!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shrieked in surprise when my feet lifted from the ground, plucked up by the furious dinolfos like a tiny kitten.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You are...truly a unique little human!" Grixos bellowed, dangling me before its eyes. "I've never had such a worthy challenger before, and I must congratulate you! But the battle is over, you have no sword to strike with now. Before I devour you whole, however,"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Grixos growled with a twisted grin...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I would very much like to know your name. A worthy adversary should not go unnamed, after all. Only the fiercest flames... deserve to taste the names of their prey.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pain in my chest was amplified as I hung there, coughing up a tiny stream of warm liquid as I fought for breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why *cough* ugh… why do you want to know?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Consider it an honor, by all means you deserve that at least." Grixos rumbled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I reached behind, struggling to grasp my bow. When I finally got a solid grip, I defiantly stared the great lizard in its huge slitted eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's Link!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">In one fluid, desperate motion, I yanked the bow forward, string taut with purpose, and unleashed a radiant bolt of energy straight into Grixos’s glaring eye. The beast shrieked—an awful, reverberating wail that shook the cavern—and flung me aside. I landed hard, rolled, and rose into a crouch, chest burning, hands trembling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Grixos reeled, clutching at its blinded eye, but I didn’t hesitate. Gritting my teeth, I drew again. One arrow. Then another. Each one a cry of defiance, of pain, of refusal to fall here. I kept firing into the monster’s gaping maw, each strike glowing brighter, until at last a final arrow struck deep—and the lizard lord gave a choking gasp. Its massive body convulsed, then sagged forward with a heavy crash. The crackling the flames in the room slowly died. And then—only silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I collapsed to the ground, utterly spent from the intense battle. Relief flooded me in a dizzying wave, mixing with the sharp ache of bruises and the lingering burn of adrenaline. My arms trembled as I pressed my palms into the damp stone, the taste of blood still faint in my mouth. For a brief moment, all I could do was breathe—and even that felt like a fragile luxury. I blinked away sweat and blood, still breathing heavily, when I remembered my fallen mask. I moaned and stood to my feet, saw the wooden visage laying next to a broken pile of bones, and limped over to retrieve it, stepping over a dark green pool of blood forming around the fallen lizard's body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ugghhhh…. so that was a dinolfos. If only I had some bombs…urgh."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I grunted as I leaned over and fastened the mask to my belt again, then sat back down. I didn't care if the floor was covered in decaying bodies, I just needed a chance to catch my breath. I shut my eyes momentarily to calm the adrenaline, and tried to slow my pained, shaky breathing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c42">Yup, there must be a few ribs broken. Fantastic…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A pale green glow emanated from the fountain, warm and shimmering like mist caught in sunlight. It spread with a gentle hum, casting dancing reflections across the cavern walls and softening the sharp stench of scorched stone with a hint of mossy sweetness. A few dozen fairies emerged from the waters and flitted over to me, cheering in unison.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Strange, but courageous hero, you have freed me from the cruelty of Lord Grixos! How can I repay you? Your valor must be rewarded!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ah great… more shattered fairies." I muttered, holding a hand to my damp forehead. "Umm…look. I appreciate the sentiment, but I've really gotta get going. Unless you know where to find the temple around here, or at least heal me, I'm not sure how you can help."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The temple? You must mean Woodfall…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, that's where I need to go. From what I've gathered, it's the lair of the monster that's terrorizing this swamp."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That monster is actually the guardian of this land. A masked child of the forest stole his power, and transformed him into the very thing he was called to protect against. A very cruel joke... but with that act, my power was also sapped away and I was broken. I am quite useless now, unfortunately."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, I suppose that seems to be how Skull Kid uses his powers… to him, his actions are nothing more than jokes. I assume I can't just slay Odalwa now…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No you cannot slay a Guardian. But by destroying his cursed form, you would free his spirit, thus restoring peace to the swamp." The fairies twinkled in unison. "The temple lies beneath the lake, but it will rise if the ceremonial bell is rung."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm guessing that's at the top of that pillar…" I sighed and stood up. "Hokay then, guess I'll be going now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, wait! I have to give you at least something for destroying that infernal creature. Wait just a moment…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A single fairy flew back into the fountain, and quickly returned holding a small, shiny trinket.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Humans fancy things like this, yes? It was given to me as an offering long ago, and I have no use for it." The tiny green fairy dropped the item into my hand. "Please take it as a token of eternal gratitude!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The trinket was actually an elegant gold ring, its band warm to the touch and etched with tiny runes that shimmered faintly beneath the surface. Small rubies circled the middle, each one catching the torchlight like a living ember. As I turned it in my hand, I felt a curious twinge—part awe, part unease—as though it was watching me back. The metal band looked a little big, yet I slipped it on my left ring finger anyway. It was a very loose fit, but just before I moved to take it off, the ring glistened and somehow shrunk itself into a perfect fit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmmm… interesting." I mused as I lifted my hand. "Magic rings are always nice, thank you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm afraid that's all I can give. But should you be victorious and return this land to normal, please return to this fountain. I will be able to bestow some of my power to you, which will surely assist in the future."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm...ok. That's better than nothing I-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I paused and raised my bow at the sound of footsteps coming down the corridor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The two lizalfos guards returned to the entrance, looking around in horror at the massive body. I drew back the bowstring, and to my astonishment, a red bolt of flame sparked to life—hot, crackling, and fierce. The searing hiss of heat filled the air, and the rubies in the ring shimmered with a pulsing glow, as if awakened by my intent. For a heartbeat, I could feel the heat radiating off the magical flame, pulsing in my fingers like it was alive. The rubies within the ring were ablaze with tiny flames themselves, and I accidentally released the fiery arrow in my surprise. The bolt exploded in an inferno right beside the lizalfos guards, and they screeched in terror, dropping their spears and tripping over each other to flee for their lives down the corridor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha! That's more like it…urrgh." I grimaced in pain and lowered the bow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh my, you're hurt! You must rest, hero friend!" The fairies swirled around me in concern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, I'll be fine. I think this other mask will supposedly heal me, so don't worry." I reassured, "But thank you again for the added... 'firepower'.. haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I honestly had no idea, it was always just a piece of metal to me. I'm very glad that I was able to help though."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Nodding my gratitude to the fairies, I hobbled over to the corner where I dropped the hide, which was definitely living up to its name. After a few seconds of scrounging around the vile ground, I found it and hoisted it to my shoulder. It would definitely need a good cleaning after all this... but I couldn't help cracking a small, grim smile. Despite everything, I was still standing—and for the first time since entering this festering swamp, I felt like I had a real shot at saving it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oooff… Alright, I need to get a move on. I'll return if I survive this fight."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Very well, I like your attitude. Such a go-getter!" The fairies giggled together and drifted back to the fountain. "Again, I wish you luck. I have faith you'll succeed!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And with that the fairies vanished into the dark waters. Seeing nothing left to do, I made my way towards the exit, ready to be out of the stinking cave. It was finally time to face Odalwa.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
