<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_2"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.lw37g8gcl6to">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Four</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.wkgc33mmn72r">
      <span class="c14">A Strange Ally</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c22">
      <span class="c8">"It's ok, don't worry..." Tatl comforted, gently patting my head. Her voice wavered just slightly, like a bell pulled taut by invisible worry. "We can fix this, but you've gotta get up! You're the only one who can help the Great Fairy!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was still on the ground, lying in the sweet-smelling grass of the park, trying to recover from a painful episode I could only assume was a symptom of the curse. The grass felt soft, almost too soft, like it was trying to cradle me against the weight of my unraveling self. I glanced up at Tatl, who hovered in uncertainty overhead. Despite her attempt at encouragement, her glow seemed dimmer than before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But she was right. I had to move. Gritting my teeth, I pushed myself up to my knees. My limbs trembled—not from exertion, but from the unfamiliar lightness that haunted my frame. I may have been weakened, humiliated by pain and mystery, but I wasn’t going to let this curse break me. I would end that wretched imp if it was the last thing I did. I was the Hero of Time, not some sniveling, childish weakling!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I braced myself in case the burning returned, then eased up onto my feet. My balance wobbled. I dusted myself off, wiped my eyes, and swatted the stubborn blonde strands of hair from my face. The motion felt unfamiliar somehow—delicate, instinctive. I bent down to tighten my boots again, their looseness now a persistent and mocking reminder that something was not right.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As I glanced down, something else caught my eye—two small bulges had formed beneath my tunic. I tried shaking it out, thinking it might be dirt or debris from all my falls. But nothing dislodged. Frowning, I reached up and prodded one gently.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Soft. Warm. Sensitive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My heart leapt into my throat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">These... These were part of me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">A small, involuntary cry escaped my lips, childlike and raw. I slapped a hand over my mouth in horror. That sound hadn’t come from me. Not really. Not the </span>
      <span class="c16">me</span>
      <span class="c8"> I remembered. I tried speaking aloud to reassure myself, but the voice that emerged was higher, thinner—pitched like a young boy, on the edge of cracking. Or someone becoming something else entirely. The sound felt alien in my own throat, like a stranger had taken my place. A quiet dread crept in...what if it never returned to normal? What if this voice was mine now??</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stumbled backward, one hand clutching my throat, the other gripping air. The world felt too big around me, too heavy above me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c17">Why is this happening to me?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">No. Not now. I couldn’t let myself fall apart. Not with the Great Fairy broken, not while the Skull Kid ran free. I had to press on. I had to fix this.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned toward Tatl, who was watching me with wide, sorrowful eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You're right. We need to get going," I said in that strange, strained voice, forcing calm into it. "We must restore the Great Fairy. Any ideas?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhh… I think we should ask around town if anyone has seen any wandering fairies," Tatl slowly replied, her tone cautious.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, that’s a good plan. I guess we’ll start in this park area. They couldn’t have gone too far from the fountain."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl nodded and darted ahead, only pausing to glance back at me with something unreadable in her gaze. I exhaled slowly, grounding myself with each step as I followed. One foot in front of the other. Focus on the task, not the shifting terrain of my own body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The sun had begun to dip lower, straying toward the horizon. Golden light spilled across the grass, making it harder to spot the shimmer of fairy wings. The park was nearly empty now—just a few children in matching blue outfits chasing one another through the trees, their laughter mingling with the sound of popping balloons.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Aside from a vigilant town guard watching over the scene, only one adult remained. A thin, sharply dressed man manned a small stall brimming with colorful masks. His face was hidden—crouched low, fussing with the bottom shelves. His movements were strange: stiff, erratic, like a marionette being jerked by a distracted puppeteer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Despite the oddity, there was nothing overtly threatening about him. And if anyone had been lingering long enough to see a stray fairy, it would be him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I started walking toward the mysterious man. We silently closed in, my steps light and Tatl's wings discreet, neither of us wanting to startle the man. He didn't seem to notice, and still worked his stall, his back to us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, excuse me, sir, have you happened to see a pink fairy wandering all alone around here?" I nervously asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He slowly turned toward me. An oddly familiar man with short orange hair, his face gaunt and off-putting, grinned back at me—but something was wrong. His eyes sparkled with an unnatural glee, a little too wide, a little too knowing. The smile didn’t quite reach them, and the way he moved, fluid yet abrupt, sent a quiet chill skittering down my spine.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You have met with a terrible fate."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wha...what did you say?" I whispered, genuinely disturbed. Tatl darted behind me to hide herself from the man's sight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"A terrible, terrible fate." He continued. "A curse that forces you to change into something you are not. A curse brought on by a very dark and evil mask...yes?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man laughed, strangely enunciating his words as if he didn't quite know how to speak proper Hylian.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I...umm...yeah that's right! How di—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Why, it was my mask that did these terrible things!" He interrupted, his face growing dark with anger. "It was stolen from me by a very impetuous creature. A Skullchild nonetheless, yes... And through my foolish inattentiveness, I have caused great suffering here...great suffering indeed!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I flinched as he gesticulated his long, thin arms around with wild and sudden movements.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You! I shall assist you...but only if you assist me in helping to restore this world. For it is in grave danger, oh yes it is!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He raised his hands toward the sky, and a strange hush seemed to fall over the air between us. My gaze followed, hesitant, and I gasped. The sheer size of it—the monstrous moon—filled the sky with a suffocating presence. But it wasn’t just its unnatural closeness that struck me cold. It was the face. Furious, leering, twisted in a scowl of such raw hatred it made my stomach lurch. I felt as though it saw me specifically, as if that furious expression was aimed at my very soul.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">That sharp chill creeping down my spine now shuddered through my whole body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Soon this world will be no more. Gone! And others are sure to follow. We must get my mask back, you see?!" The man begged in desperation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Suddenly I remembered where I had seen this man before. He had once sold masks in the Hyrule Castle Marketplace—a harmless, eccentric merchant with a strange way of speaking and a knack for unsettling smiles. But now, standing here under that baleful moon, he seemed like a twisted echo of that memory. And not just him—so many of the people I'd seen in this town bore uncanny resemblances to those I’d known back in Hyrule. Familiar yet wrong, like reflections in warped glass. Was this all a dream? No... it felt more like I’d stepped into a nightmare shaped by memory—something that knew me better than I knew it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, we will help you get your mask back! But you have to help us first!" Tatl chimed in. "We need to cure the Great Fairy!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"The Great Fairy?" queried the Salesman. "What's wrong with the Great Fairy?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"She's been shattered into pieces!" Tatl exclaimed. "If we don't help her soon, she could die!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The mask salesman silently pondered, and his hand darted to his chin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So you need to find the missing pieces...hmmmm?" He smirked. "I believe I can lead you in the right direction. I have heard that there has been a mysterious light spotted around the southern end of town, yes!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Where did you hear that?" I asked, suspicious.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The mask salesman grinned at me. "Why...it is information that often supplies happiness! And happiness is what I distribute! Therefore information is like happiness in itself, indeed!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh...right. That's good enough for now, thank you, sir!" Tatl thanked, flying off along the dirt path. "Come on, Link! I know the way! Follow me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stepped away from the creepy man, and dashed off after the fairy, trying not to trip over my ill-fitting leather boots.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The sun had just set when we neared the middle of town. The hustle and bustle of the city began to die down as people went back to their homes for the night. Bells rang out—some high and melodic, others low and sonorous—announcing the closing of shops with a mournful sort of finality, like the town itself was exhaling after a long day. I was happy to finally get some space; the streets had been tremendously busy. Through eavesdropping along the way, I learned there was an annual festival everyone was preparing for. Oddly enough, it seemed as if no one else had noticed that the moon appeared as if it were screaming in rage, and was looming as if to crush them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced around at the various shops we passed by, viewing the multitude of items being peddled behind windows. In a very rare instance of materialistic desire, I was envious of those who could afford the items from these expensive shops. I almost wished I could relax, buy some food, and new boots that fit. My (now too large) boots were killing my feet, and a pressure building within my chest was making it difficult to breathe. I was starving and parched with thirst—the aromas wafting from nearby diners sent pangs through my stomach, each scent a cruel reminder of how drained I truly was. My body felt like it was running on fumes, every step heavier than the last. Maybe that explained the gnawing panic in my chest. Maybe it wasn’t just the curse. Maybe the exhaustion, hunger, and creeping disorientation were warping my sense of reality.? Maybe this really was all a dream?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shook myself out of my fantasizing. This was real. Everything was far too vivid and tangible for this not to be reality.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I focused on Tatl and willed my feet to follow as she led the way through the</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">winding roads. Eventually Tatl spoke, and I could only assume we made it to our destination.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Be careful here, Link. Southside is kinda dangerous at night. A lot of thieves and their ilk roam around and do business in this part of town due to the lack of shops and wealthy homes. The guards rarely enter, aside from gate duty."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I flit my gaze around. The buildings were in shambles, their wooden frames warped and groaning in the wind. The air carried the acrid tang of soot and spoiled vegetables, mixing with the musty scent of damp wood and grime, and the roads poorly looked after. There were only a few people around. A shirtless, gaunt beggar miserably sat on an old crate, staring at the dirt, and low class citizens wearing patchwork clothing and worn shoes shuffled back to their hovels. I was thankfully ignored by the retiring denizens. I knew I couldn't handle being robbed right now. Several stars had finally begun to shimmer against the clear, indigo skies of twilight, peaceful and radiant...the exact opposite of how I felt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link! Look!" Tatl suddenly pointed in excitement, bobbing up and down.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My eyes followed her gesture and locked onto a flicker of orange light just ahead—an ethereal flutter rather than the steady burn of a torch. My breath hitched. For a heartbeat, time felt suspended, and a thrill of hope surged through me. Was it truly one of the Great Fairy's fragments? Or was my mind playing tricks in the deepening dark? Tatl and I ran after it with renewed vigor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As we drew near, I examined the area closely. Just below the rooftop of the decrepit wooden building was a tiny light. It fluttered: definitely not a torch...Yes! Yes, it looked just like the pink fairies in the Fountain! Tatl flew up to greet it, and I saw small flashes of color and heard a faint series of twinkling. Finally, the lost fairy happily flew down.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh thank you! We were so lost until you found us! Please take us home?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, let's hurry up and get you back!" Tatl declared. "Then Link and I can go find my brother, and Skull Kid!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I followed sluggishly after the retreating fairies, hoping that I would get a chance to rest my aching feet when we got back. My body was put through so much today, from the violent dragging through the forest to the debilitating effects of the curse. I still hadn't been able to rest, and I felt the numbing exhaustion seep through my muscles.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It was after midnight by the time we returned to the north end of town. The trek was easy without having to constantly shove through the crowds. I was grateful the park was devoid of people, but the mask salesman had also disappeared.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">During the walk through the darkened park, I was stopped by a chubby guard who sleepily asked what I was up to, and where I was going.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That's none of your business you nosy tin can!" Tatl verbally assaulted the guard, slamming his visor shut. "Go bark up a different tree! Or better yet, go jump off the clock tower!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The guard, pink fairy, and I were all equally taken aback at Tatl's unexpected outburst. The guard immediately retreated, visibly shaken, and smacked directly into a tree branch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ooomph!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The loud clanging of steel crashing to the ground muffled my quiet laughter. A reluctant grin tugged at my lips—maybe I was beginning to like this spunky fairy, despite everything. But I forced the thought away. Admiration had no place right now, not when every step forward still carried the weight of the unknown. There was no time for admiration. We still had a job to do, and we made our way to the entrance of the fountain, now lit by the welcoming glow of large torches.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We entered the cave, and the lost fairy excitedly twinkled and rushed into the mass of floating pixies. The multitude of glimmering fairies suddenly shone with a brilliant light that pulsed with rising intensity, casting wild, dancing shadows along the cave walls. The air vibrated with a humming resonance, like the chime of a hundred tiny bells, as each mote of light spiraled into the air. I squinted, shielding my eyes against the radiance as it coalesced into a single, dazzling shape...</span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
