<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_17"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.lqgm12kwvpca">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty One</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.s7r5t9oyspfz">
      <span class="c14">Into the Corruption</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c40">
      <span class="c6">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We made our way through the humid wall within the tepid swamp. My muscles ached with fatigue, each step dragging with quiet resistance, and my breath came shallow and thin, tasting faintly of mildew and decay. A dull weight pressed behind my eyes—exhaustion mingling with a growing sense of urgency. Still, I pressed on, each step driven by the memory of what I had seen and what I had yet to face., both of us intent onA listening for any strange movement. The pools of water around us were still, and the dying foliage just as motionless. I carefully navigated around fallen logs, dead fauna, and pools of putrid liquid as we journeyed back to the boathouse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So what happened back there? Those witches seemed to... know you somehow?" Tatl chirped, breaking the sullen silence. "And where did you disappear off to, leaving me behind to deal with that ugly old hag? You know we hate being stuffed into bottles like that!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I went to find Koume, the one with the boats. And they were just… hmm… ghosts from my past and uh...future, I guess."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Well, they did say they would come back to haunt me… I silently mused.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ah… soooo you knew them back where you came from?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, not really. But I did sort of... kill them during my last adventure. Somehow they remembered, or saw their deaths through visions, and I guess it scared them enough into changing their ways."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I had a brief flashback with a firestorm of magic, of ice and flame spiraling together like twin comets smashing into the mirror-finished shield I found in that temple. I could still feel the chill and heat on my skin, the sound of Koume's voice twisted with rage, mixed with Kotake’s laughter echoing even as they fell. It was...a powerful memory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl paused mid-flight, confusion apparent on her tiny features as she analyzed my expression.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhh... yeah nevermind, I don't wanna know anymore." She fluttered ahead, her confusion shifting to apprehension. "Why is everything so quiet around here? Yesterday the animals wouldn't shut up!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It could be the moon, or Odalwa. This amulet Kotake gave me should protect us, though."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uh huh. You said 'I should hear it coming' and 'don't worry'." Tatl whined, mimicking my voice in a high-pitched mockery. "Pfft, you should have just listened to me in the first place!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Shhhhh ok ok...enough, Tatl! Bickering will only attract unwanted attention." I scolded the snarky fairy. "Let's just focus on getting back to the boathouse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"...fine… In any case, I hope that thing works. By the way, what's the story on that new mask on your belt?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh right, that. Skull Kid apparently turned Koume into some kind of plant, and I removed the curse by playing that song the mask salesman taught me. Then Koume was cured, and it just...appeared… just like my mask when I played the song for me." I produced the Deku mask and studied its features.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Why don't you try it on and see if it does anything?" Tatl pressed, tapping the tough wood with a tiny finger. "I'm sure you'll be fine."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No no, I'd rather not. I've had nothing but bad luck with these stupid masks, and I think it'd be in my best interest to leave this thing alone."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Something huge suddenly rustled the branches above, and rotted leaves drifted down from the canopy. Tatl and I froze. I slowly reached down to my mask. I was not going to be taken down so easily this time. Grabbing the mask, I pushed it to my face while leaping aside as the transformation took hold.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl zipped to my side as I rose to my feet, sword and shield drawn. When nothing else happened, I scanned the tree limbs above.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Do you think it was just a large bird?" I muttered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That didn’t sound like any bird I’ve ever seen… or heard. What if it’s another huge monster?" Tatl whispered anxiously.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Then I’ll take care of it. But it’s most likely one of those monkeys playing a joke. Still... let’s stay on guard."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We cautiously pressed forward along the obscure trail, and my boots splashed through puddles of algae-ridden mush as I kept one eye on the thick canopy. My hand never left the hilt of my blade.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl and I eventually reached our goal an hour or two later without further incident. Our tense pace had lengthened the journey, but the fairy’s sigh of relief at the lagoon’s edge was palpable.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I thought we were never going to make it back alive! But… you know... only for a second."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I smirked at her bravado as I stepped onto the floating dock leading to the boathouse. My limbs felt heavy, my steps dragging with growing fatigue. Tatl noticed and held out a tiny hand to stop me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay okay, you’re not invincible. You should probably take off that mask now. No need for it anymore, right?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I frowned, reluctant to part with the feeling of confident power—but nodded. I reached up and removed the mask. The shift hit like a crashing wave; heat surged through my veins, my limbs buckled as bone and sinew shrank. My hips flared sharply, my chest tightened, and a breath caught in my throat as it pitched higher. The weight of sword and shield vanished, and the eerie lightness that followed left me reeling. The wooden planks beneath my boots rocked with the sudden change, and I stumbled, catching myself on one knee as my long hair brushed against my cheek.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I exhaled shakily, heart pounding. No matter how many times it happened, the transformation never got easier. It wasn’t just the body that shifted—it was the reminder, the loss of what once felt like myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay—cough cough—I'm alright... phew. Okay, let’s finally go get that boat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl gave a soft nod, a flicker of pity in her glow. We started along the boardwalk. As we neared the door, it suddenly burst open—Frank charged out, arms wide.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I leapt back, heart hammering.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Krikey! Yew brought back m’ captain AND managed to survive!" the man boomed in delighted shock. "I truly underestimated the two o’ ya."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhm yeah well…" I stammered, still startled. "We do what we can, right, Tatl?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl, who had darted into my cloak at Frank’s explosive entrance, didn’t respond.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Strewth… honestly, I was frettin’ I’d sent ya off to yer deaths on a bloody fool’s errand. Ye’ve no idea how glad I am to see ya right as rain!" Frank beamed, waving us inside. "Come on now, I still owe ya both a nice steamin’ cuppa. Koume’s waitin’ inside too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I followed him into the warm, oddly-decorated boathouse. Koume sat behind the counter, flipping through a worn book. Tatl cautiously emerged as Frank shut the door, then stomped over to the hearth to make tea.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ahh, so I see you made it back." Koume looked up casually. "I assume that means you want that boat ride, eh, little Hero?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey hey now, Koume! I owe these two some tea fer bringin ya back—don’t be rushin’ off just yet." Frank interrupted, holding up a hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced at Tatl, who shrugged. Honestly, tea sounded great. My stomach growled loudly—I hadn’t eaten in days—and Frank chuckled knowingly at the sound.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"My my, now I know where all those earth shakes are coming from. Don’t you fret that rumbly tum of yours any longer, lil miss. I whipped up some fresh swamp cakes and gator bites to go with that tea—oughta patch you right up!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The big man began pouring scalding water into prepared cups from a teapot that appeared comically tiny in his enormous hands.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Um… </span>
      <span class="c16">gator bites</span>
      <span class="c8">? I've never really heard of those." I questioned the strange host.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh yeh, they're right scrumptious! Trust me, you'll gobble 'em right up."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl spoke up finally, exasperated and impatient. "Link, we really gotta get going! The moon is only hours away from falling and we haven't even made it to the Deku Palace yet!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Eh? So the moon really is falling?" Koume exclaimed, disregarding her book. "I just thought my eyes were going bad!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, it's the Skull Kid's doing… and I'm the only one who can stop him. Only then will everything be back to normal, and I can get rid of this curse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh right, yes. I keep forgetting. Did you try the little musical cure that you did for me?" Koume asked and leaned over the counter top.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pfft, that only made things worse..." Tatl muttered before I could answer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Curses? Falling moons? What black rock have I been living under?" Frank bellowed as he set the cups of steaming liquid before Tatl and I. "You told me you were celebrating a birthday at your sister's, Koume."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now don't you go worrying about it, you lumbering beast. Young Link here will take care of everything, no doubt." The elderly witch confided.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Let's hope anyway…" Tatl muttered, and flitted down to sip her tea.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Heh! Whatdya know, a bona fide hero. Good on ya mate!" Frank jokingly thumped my shoulder, causing me to sputter and cough on the bitter tea. "Oh oh, sorry 'bout that lil miss...uhh here be those cakes and bites I promised ya."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">After he set the two dishes full of thin white crackers and questionable patties of… something, I shoved a fistful of the first into my mouth and grunted in delight at the sweet delicate flavor compared to the strong and bitter tea. Tatl shook her head at my antics, but I was far too hungry to care.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ha! This sheila's sure got an appetite. How come you don't eat my food like she does, Koume?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Phah, if I ate your food in any fashion my heart would give out, you lummox!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gulped down some more tea as the two exchanged various insults, still unsure about braving the contents of the other dish. Tatl tried to politely sip from the cup twice her size, but managed a quiet slurp at best. I offered a piece of cracker to her, and she shrugged then took a mouthful of the tasty morsel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As we finished the small, yet filling meal, I stood up to interject between the playful arguing of the two managers.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That was nice and satisfying Frank." I nodded to the man who plodded over to take my empty cup.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pleased as peaches to hear ya say that. I can give you another fill up if ya like?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh no, I'm fine now. We really do have to get a move on, the daylight won't last too much longer." I patted my stomach, surprised at how full I was with such a small meal. "But that was a really good lunch in any case, and thank you for your gracious hosting."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Think nothin' of it, just the basic Southie Swamp hospitality. Though I see ya didn't care much for the gator bites heh heh!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, I don't really know what a 'gator' is to begin with…" I replied bluntly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"A gator? It's basically a giant water lizard." Tatl answered between mouthfuls of the cracker she kept.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"And it would just as soon as eat you as you did those cakes, heh heh. They're primarily up near the Deku Palace and those little shrubbies hunt them for sport. Since they can't eat the remains they ship the meat down to me. I sell it to passerby and adventurers, and I hear it's become a sort o' delicacy in Clock Town." Frank explained.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He wrapped up some of the uneaten gator biscuits in a handkerchief and handed the small parcel to me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Why don't you go on and keep this, maybe it'll keep you from starving out there or you can sell it off to one of the northies."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I hesitated for a second, but took the packet and stuffed it into my pouch. I thanked the kindly tour guide again and turned to the witch behind the counter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"OK, I guess we're ready for that boat ride now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmph… and I was just getting to a good part..." Koume muttered and dropped her reading material. "Come along then, the boat's right out back."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I waved to Tatl for her to follow and she sighed, dropping the remains of her meal. We said our goodbyes to the kindly boathouse manager and went after the old hag, who was hobbling out the front door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Toodle-oo you two! G'luck on yer adventurin'" Frank bellowed out as we exited the home and walked around back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Koume's boat was quite a sight. Vibrant colors of red, green, blue, and yellow were painted along the sides in wide stripes and ridges. On the bow of the boat was fixed a very sharp-looking polearm that stuck out over the water. There was a small cabin up top and a strange contraption connected to the aft of the ship. We trotted up the laid out gangway that led to the deck, and Koume's gangly hands untied the rope keeping the boat near the dock.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So, little hero…" Koume turned her bulging gaze to me. "I'm assuming you want to head straight to the Deku Palace. I feel I must warn you, outsiders are strictly forbidden."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That's where the monkeys told me to go, I don't have much of a choice if I'm to find Odalwa's lair." I shrugged at the witch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Why on green earth would you want to find that thing's lair? It would chew you up and spit you out in tiny pieces before you even got close!" Koume gawked, poking at me with a bony finger. "I know you're supposedly a hero, but….oh nevermind. I'm sure you have a way. It's not my job to question your abilities."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Can we get a move on? It's late and the sun is almost setting! Stop gabbing and start sailing!" Tatl remarked in exasperation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Quite the firefly, that one. Very well, you stand out here on the deck. Watch for monsters, I don't want any scratching up this lovely paint job, you hear?" Koume sighed and headed to the helm inside the cabin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes at Tatl and drew my bow, ready for any threats. Swirls of light mist hung over the water and danced around the boat as it surged through the water. There was no other sound except for the strange contraption at the aft which quietly hummed, I assumed that it must have been the engine. Vines hung low from the branches high above, and gently parted as the bow of the boat moved down the river.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Why is it still so quiet, Link?" The fairy whispered into my pointed ears. "Surely *something *is alive out there?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm betting the animals fled further south. They must have sensed the danger of the moon and Odalwa." I murmered, hoping that was the case. "Odalwa couldn't have killed everything…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The boat was quickly picking up speed, and we were cruising at a very good pace in no time. Koume kept a watchful eye on the waters, and Tatl relaxed a bit. I listened intently with my heightened senses, ready with my weapon drawn. Canyon walls rose around us, creating a claustrophobic effect but also a relative safety from attack from the shore.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A deep gloom set in as we sailed further along the poison river, the air turning thick with a cloying, metallic scent that clung to the throat. Occasional bubbles broke the water's opaque surface with wet plopping sounds, and somewhere in the distance, a low, gurgling croak echoed from the trees, quickly swallowed by the silence. The oppressive atmosphere seemed to press in around us, making the boat feel smaller, more vulnerable with each passing second. Tiny, glowing red eyes peeped from a few bushes lining the bank, gazing at us in curiosity.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We're getting near the palace, those are the deku." Koume called out from the helm, pointing at the bushes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Red and orange colored leaves and trees dominated the scenery, and the stench was almost too much for my nose to take. The river had become completely corrupted by the poison created by Odalwa. Thick, purple sludge clung to the sides of the boat, and dissolving remains of dead creatures and plants floated in the putrid muck.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Ahead a short distance away rose an immense wall of rock, with elaborate decorations and huge paintings covering the stone. A cavernous entrance lay at the bottom, with torches cutting through the gloom of the darkening swamp. The river suddenly veered away, and Koume stopped the engine and drifted toward the edge of the bank.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"This is as far as I can take you, I'm afraid. Any closer and the deku guards would sink the boat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I guess this will have to do then, which is much better than I thought." I nodded to Koume. "Thank you, without your boat there would have been no way to get this far."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"And without you I'd still be a plant, fair trade. So go on now, get a move on. I'd rather not push these obstinate deku shrubs into attacking." Koume waved us off her boat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As soon as we were on land the witch started up the engine and sailed away. The dank, smelly air and torpid darkness that surrounded us almost made me regret coming here. But I gathered my courage and moved toward the torchlight of the entrance ahead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hoo hoot! Over here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stopped in my tracks and Tatl drifted close to me. I looked around, trying to see ahead in the miresome gloom.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No no, over *here *you daft child!" The voice called again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I followed the source of all the noise through some shrubbery and into a wide clearing. Sitting in the center was a large statue of an owl with musical notes on the breast. An even bigger, strangely familiar owl was resting right beside it, staring at me with huge, wide eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Don't be alarmed, strange child." The giant bird spoke. "I've been watching you and your efforts ever since your arrival."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You… you've been watching me? Why?" I asked with a bit of uncertainty.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You stirred the winds of fate when you aided that witch, and removed the curse. Then when you transformed into that warrior, I knew that the guardians had sent you to save this world. And I have been called to help you." The owl recounted, gently bobbing its head. "This statue in my likeness represents an old way of travel. If you have an instrument, playing these special notes will call upon the power of my ancestors. The power will lift and transport you to this owl and others like it that you will find in the realm."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Huh… well that's handy!" Tatl twinkled, her voice laced with sarcasm. "And oddly convenient…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes," the owl intoned, its golden eyes gleaming with solemn depth. "But night falls, and I must fly far to the south to hunt beneath the stars. I leave you with this: keep your courage, young one, and you shall surely succeed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The owl spread its vast wings, casting long shadows over the clearing. The guardian's flight was both majestic and lonely, leaving behind a silence that hummed with meaning. A rush of wind thundered outward as it lifted from the earth, feathers glinting like burnished bronze. I shielded my face, the air thick with the scent of damp feathers and stirred loam, heart pounding as the wings vanished into the darkened sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well.... I guess that answers my questions. I was wondering what all those owl statutes were for…" Tatl mused. "So… will you play your thingy so we can finally get out of this dump now? Let's go back in time again!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Just let me memorize these notes…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I studied the etchings along the statute. This was at least something I was very familiar with. Once I was confident they were committed to memory, I took out the Ocarina and nodded to Tatl, who moved closer to me. Raising the blue instrument to my lips, I closed my eyes and began playing the Song of Time and focused on going back to that first day.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The ocarina shone brightly as our surroundings faded into a pure white light, and we were quickly swept up in the currents of Time...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
