<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_14"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.ufgyt52oplbg">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Seventeen</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.abzqj2tblm9h">
      <span class="c14">The Southern Swamp</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c28">
      <span class="c8">I awoke with a start as something small and solid pelted my knee. Almost tumbling from the high branch, I caught myself just in time to see two odd, hairy creatures fleeing down the road on all fours. A grumpy Tatl protested my sudden movements and flopped out of the green cloak in a tangled mess.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What's the big idea?" the fairy whined. "Why are we waking up so early? The sun's only just beginning to rise! And I was having such a great dream too…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Calm down, I was woken by some hairy beasts throwing stuff at me…" I shushed, staring after the creatures.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A red sun was peeking just over the hills to the east, indicating a storm like before. Looming grey clouds moved in from the north, and damp wind lightly brushed my hair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Great. More rain…" I stood and stretched my arms and legs. "Ok, I guess that's as good a wake-up call as anything. Better get moving before the storm washes us away, Tatl."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I knelt down, grabbing hold of the gnarled branch beneath me, and gracefully swung away from the branch. Rolling mid-air, I landed squarely on the path with an agile twist. I was suddenly very grateful for the new supporting undergarments—the jolt of the landing would’ve been brutal on my chest without them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Nice...maybe you belong in the circus, too." Tatl flew down beside me. "I almost guarantee that you couldn't do that in your old body!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmm, probably not. Maybe this form isn't so useless after all." I cracked a small grin and peered down the path. "Wait... look over there! Those are the things that attacked me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The furry white beasts stood still and faced us, almost like they were waiting. Their large eyes glimmered curiously, and flared upturned, wide nostrils on their leathery, grey faces.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, monkeys? They don't really attack people, they're mostly just annoying." Tatl replied nonchalantly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wha? What's a monkey? We don't have any of those in Hyrule."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Those animals right there, like I said! Monkeys live in a giant tree within the swamp and are friendly enough, but can be pretty mischievous. I've never heard of them coming out this far though… it's odd for them to wander from their home tree."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, they seem to be waiting for me. If they are friendly, do you think we should follow them?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"They are heading in the direction of the swamp, so I don't see any reason not to." The pixie shrugged. "But be on your guard, who knows what waits ahead."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded and stepped toward the monkeys, who immediately burst into motion—jumping excitedly, clapping their hands with rapid, rhythmic slaps, then dashing down the dirt road in a flurry of scampering limbs. Their shrill chattering and the soft thump of padded feet against the muddy path echoed through the morning hush, beckoning us to follow with an almost gleeful urgency.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A fine drizzle began to fall from the bruised sky, each droplet ticking softly against leaves and soil as we neared the trail’s end. The sound mingled with the rustle of wind in the branches above, whispering a quiet warning of the storm to come. The monkeys scrambled up some trees that lined the edge of a foul, murky bog, as if marking the threshold between the familiar trail and the swamp’s shadowy heart. A powerful stench permeated the humid air, and a thin mist swirled along the damp, mossy ground. Croaks and growls from swamp creatures resounded all around us, including what sounded like wolfos calls. Large tree trunks supported a wide canopy over the tepid, algae-crusted waters, with vines hanging down various branches. The monkeys took hold of the vines and swung away into the fog.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm...ok? Now what? They can't expect us to follow them like that!" I looked to Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I dunno...monkeys are weird. But there's a boat rental shop not far from here, according to that sign. It looks like it's pointing down the shoreline that way." She pointed a tiny arm to a signpost nailed to a tree.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Good, a boat would be helpful. I'd rather not have to swim through this stuff. The smell alone might kill me!" I reeled away from the squalid bog.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl fluttered down a somewhat obscure pathway through the mire, her glow muted beneath the thick canopy and the ever-churning mists. I chased after her, hair clinging to my cheeks in the warm humidity, my boots sinking into the spongy moss and muck. The air was pungent with rot, the distant croak of frogs and whisper of unseen things all around us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I caught up just as she froze midair, wings humming with tension. She stared ahead, and I followed her gaze—only to find three grey wolfos hunched over a fallen monkey, their blood-slick muzzles tearing at limp limbs. The sound of crunching bone was too loud.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I motioned quietly to Tatl to back away, my heart thudding in my throat—but it was too late. One of the wolves, its snout matted with gore, snapped its head up. Its green eyes glowed like twin curses. With a savage snarl, it howled—a battle cry that sent the others whipping around, their mouths dripping thick threads of saliva.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I fumbled for my bow and fired a trio of radiant arrows. They struck with sharp flashes—but bounced off, fizzing out harmlessly into mist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Damn it!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The alpha lowered its head and charged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shoved the bow aside and reached for the Hero's Mask beneath my cloak. My fingers trembled—just for a moment—as they closed around its smooth, too-familiar shape. It pulsed faintly, like it had been waiting. Like it remembered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I slammed it onto my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The shift was violent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Muscle coiled and hardened through my limbs. My ribs compressed as a deeper breath filled new lungs. My bones ached, grinding into place as the mask fused with me. Confidence bloomed—hot and overwhelming—as my senses sharpened and something primal took the wheel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">By the time the wolfos reached me, I was already moving.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My shield rose instinctively, steel ringing against claw. I shoved the beast back hard, feeling its weight give beneath my strength. My sword slid free, eager in my hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Come on then," I growled, a crooked smirk tugging at the corners of my mouth. My voice sounded deeper now—rougher, edged with something hungry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl retreated to the treetops with a worried trill, her glow flickering with unease.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The other two wolves circled, hackles raised, low snarls vibrating the air between us. The alpha lunged again, a blur of grey muscle and fury.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I spun into its charge, steel flashing. My blade met its claws in a spray of sparks, and I twisted, dancing just out of reach as the beast stumbled past. The movement felt effortless—almost playful. I laughed, a low, taunting sound that didn’t quite feel like mine.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Too slow," I hissed, savoring the moment.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The wolfos staggered, its flank wide open. The scent of blood was thick in the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With a single, brutal thrust, I drove my sword into the soft flesh beneath its ribs. The creature howled—a short, sharp cry—before collapsing into the mud, its limbs spasming in death.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I yanked the blade free, flicking blood into the black water.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"One down," I murmured, letting the words hang like a challenge. "Who's next?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The others lunged at once—claws slicing the air—and I backflipped, landing light on my feet in the mire with a muddy splash. My blood roared. Every heartbeat thudded like war drums in my chest. A plan burned in my mind: bait them into a tree and strike when they were stuck.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I slammed my shield with the hilt of my sword, the clang echoing through the swamp like a bell of war. I grinned—savage, wild—as I backed toward the largest trunk I could find. The wolves took the bait.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Three snarling beasts surged at me, eyes alight with bloodlust. My back struck bark. They thought I was cornered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Perfect.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I dropped low, rolled, and their claws raked empty air inches above my head. Bark splintered behind me as their talons buried into the trunk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn’t even rise—I spun from the crouch, blade extended, a perfect arc of wrath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Steel sang. Bodies buckled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My sword carved through ribs and muscle with a wet, sickening cleave, the howl of one wolf cut short in a bubbling gasp. A geyser of black blood burst from its throat, drenching my tunic and hissing where it hit the magic-etched steel. Gods I loved this sword!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Another wolf twisted, impaled mid-leap, its momentum carrying it down the length of my blade until I shoved it off with a boot to its chest. Bone cracked beneath my heel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The last one barely had time to flinch. I pivoted, snarling, and split it from jaw to sternum in one downward stroke. The flesh parted like overripe fruit, spraying gore across the roots.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Their lifeless corpses hung grotesquely from the bark, claws still buried deep, as if frozen mid-hunt. The air reeked of iron and rot.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stood slowly, chest heaving, the thrill still burning hot in my lungs—and laughed. It wasn't relief. It wasn't joy. It was wild and sharp, a sound that didn’t belong in the throat of a child. Loud, long, unrepentant. It echoed through the swamp like a dare—like I was begging the world to send me more.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">This... this was what I was made for.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The blood, the precision, the raw satisfaction of dominance. It had been too long.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Too long since I felt </span>
      <span class="c16">alive</span>
      <span class="c8"> like this.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I wiped the ichor from my blade with the sole of my boot, watching the thick smear slide across the steel. Something deep inside me thrilled at the mess, at the power. And for a moment... I didn’t care who I had to become to keep feeling this way.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That was incredible! How'd you do that?" Tatl praised, flitting down to eye level, her light flickering with hesitant awe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Experience," I said, my voice husky with adrenaline. "I’ve fought worse. Wolfos are nothing compared to what I’ve survived."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stalked past the corpses without looking back, like they were already fading into memory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, I bet if Skull Kid saw you do that, he'd think twice before messing with you again, haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"He caught me off guard," I muttered. My hands twitched at my sides. "But I wasn’t expecting such power from a simple skull child. Next time, the imp won’t be so lucky."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered awkwardly. "Uhhh, right. We should keep moving though, it's creepy around here…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What? Did I say something wrong?" I snapped, quicker than I meant to, the fight still sizzling under my skin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, we just uhh... need to hurry…" she said, shrinking from me, her glow dimming.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok...fine. Be that way," I muttered, forcing my breathing to slow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl stopped suddenly, wings still.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"It’s just... you get so worked up about killing Skull Kid. He used to be your friend, remember? And... I dunno. Sometimes it sounds like you </span>
      <span class="c16">enjoy</span>
      <span class="c15"> it. The violence. Like you </span>
      <span class="c16">want</span>
      <span class="c8"> it, when you wear your mask…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her voice was soft, but it cut deep. And for a second, I couldn’t tell if I was angry because she was wrong—or because she wasn’t.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I stared ahead into the mist, her words echoing longer than they should’ve. Was I really that bloodthirsty now? That wasn’t me. That wasn’t </span>
      <span class="c16">supposed</span>
      <span class="c8"> to be me. I only fought when I had to—only when there was no other choice. But the heat in my blood… it hadn't felt like necessity. It had felt like hunger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned to her, slowly. “Does it really look that way to you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“Yeah, it does. It’s kinda scary, to be honest,” Tatl replied, her voice quiet but steady. “And you only act that way when you wear the mask. Without it, you’re calmer. Softer. Like yourself again. I dunno…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“Huh…” I looked down at the gauntlet on my hand, at how the metal gleamed like it belonged there. “Maybe this form is getting to my head.” I flexed my fingers, half expecting to feel claws instead of skin. “Or maybe… maybe I’m getting too comfortable in someone else’s skin.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“We can ask the salesman,” she offered. “When this is over. He might know more about it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I hesitated. The power still coursed through me. I didn’t </span>
      <span class="c16">want</span>
      <span class="c8"> to let it go. But her eyes held no fear—just concern. Real concern. And that pierced deeper than her words had.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“Yeah… better save the magic anyway,” I mumbled, forcing a half-smile. “No sense burning it all now. As much as I… want to stay like this.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I paused, glancing down at my hands again. “Tatl… what if I’m changing? Not just the body—me. What if the mask is starting to rewrite who I am?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She hovered closer. “I don’t think it’s rewriting you. But maybe… it’s amplifying something. Drawing out parts of you that you try to keep buried.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I swallowed. “But what if those parts take over?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“They won’t,” she said gently. “Because you’re scared of that. And the fact that you’re scared means you’re still in control.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With a slow breath, I reached up and peeled the mask away. It came off reluctantly, like it had grown roots in my skin. As it separated, I felt a strange tug in my chest—like something tearing loose from inside. Then the shift began.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It was never graceful.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My shoulders cracked inward, collarbones narrowing. Muscle retreated down my limbs like the tide, leaving me smaller, lighter, softer. My hands trembled as calluses vanished, replaced by thinner fingers that no longer fit the gauntlets quite right. The armor sagged on me—suffocating and oversized, pressing down on shrinking bones with the weight of someone I no longer was. I staggered under it, each step an effort, until the enchantment caught up and the fabric of my clothes adjusted with a faint shimmer. The mail tightened, resizing, reshaping—but not before I felt that moment of utter helplessness, like drowning in the remains of someone else’s body. I stumbled, breath hitching as my center of gravity shifted, hips subtly widening, my chest compressing and rising in uneven spasms as it adjusted to a new rhythm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My voice, when it finally escaped in a ragged breath, was higher again. Familiar. Unfamiliar.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The worst part was... I was starting to </span>
      <span class="c17">get used to it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Not just the pain, but the shape. The lightness. The way the world looked from here.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And that terrified me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl floated close and rested a tiny hand against my shoulder. “We’ll figure it out, okay? You’re just… adjusting. Swapping bodies like that—no one could do it perfectly. Not even you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Her glow pressed gently into my shoulder—not heat, not light, but something else. Like the memory of a hand I hadn’t held in years.. It surprised me—how gentle she was being, how much she </span>
      <span class="c16">cared</span>
      <span class="c8">. Tatl had always been sharp-tongued and fast to criticize, but there was something softer in her now, something she rarely let anyone see.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">And I felt it. I </span>
      <span class="c16">needed</span>
      <span class="c8"> it. That tiny hand on my shoulder was the only thing keeping the fear from swallowing me whole.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“I don’t know who I’m becoming,” I whispered, feeling my hands tremble as they gripped the wood of my old self.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">“Maybe you don’t have to know yet,” she said. “Maybe it’s enough that you’re still </span>
      <span class="c16">trying</span>
      <span class="c8"> to be you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded, not trusting my voice, and tucked the mask away inside my cloak. Its weight felt heavier than before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And we kept walking. Quietly. Just two souls in the mist, trying not to lose sight of who we were…trying not to think about who I was becoming.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Putting any further bleak thoughts aside, I concentrated on our surroundings. The stillness gnawed at me. The swamp had become deathly silent—no croaks, no wingbeats, not even the buzz of insects. The air grew colder, heavy like wet wool against my skin. Each step felt like it stirred ghosts beneath the mire.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Then I saw it. A thick wall of fog rolling in across the lagoon, not drifting but </span>
      <span class="c16">hunting</span>
      <span class="c8">. It pulsed with slow, unnatural rhythm, as if it were breathing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A chill lanced down my spine.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Tatl! TATL!" I hissed, trying to keep my voice low but urgent. "Get off the path! Something's coming from the swamp!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She turned, and the moment her eyes locked onto the approaching haze, her glow dimmed to a nervous flicker. We scrambled off the trail and ducked behind a clutch of enormous, slime-slick ferns. My heart thundered in my ears as we crouched low.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The fog roiled like boiling tar, and then began to </span>
      <span class="c16">congeal</span>
      <span class="c15">—not fade, not part, but </span>
      <span class="c16">thicken</span>
      <span class="c8">, pulling itself together as if it had a mind and malice of its own.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Then we heard it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A moan—not human, not beast. Long, hollow, and soaked in agony. It pierced the silence like a blade, sending ripples through the swampwater. Every instinct in me screamed to run.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The fog convulsed one final time before vomiting out a shape.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It stumbled forward on two legs—barely. A towering, hunched figure cloaked in rotting swampmoss and tattered black fabric, parts of its flesh blistered and seamed like melted wax. Its face was hidden behind a cracked mask painted in crimson spirals, warped by moisture and time. Veins of shadow throbbed through its limbs, pulsing like worms beneath paper-thin skin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">In one hand, it clutched a diamond-shaped shield crusted with dried blood and mold. In the other—a rusty, jagged sword, its edge curved like a butcher’s hook, pitted with decay. It dragged the blade along the muck as it moved, and the sound it made—metal on stone, on bone—rattled in my teeth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It didn’t speak. It didn’t need to. Its presence alone suffocated the air, like a memory of death come walking.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl pressed against my shoulder, trembling. "What... what </span>
      <span class="c16">is</span>
      <span class="c8"> that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn't answer. I couldn't. My mouth had gone dry, my fingers twitching toward my mask.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Because whatever this thing was, I knew in my gut—we weren’t supposed to see it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And it wasn’t supposed to be awake.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl muffled a sharp cry at the ghastly creature's appearance. The brackish skin dangled in tattered shreds from rotting muscle tissue and bone, and a horrendous stench of death emitted from the body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The mask worn by the monster looked ancient—less like it had been crafted and more like it had </span>
      <span class="c16">grown</span>
      <span class="c15"> out of time itself. Its wooden surface was splintered with rot and age, warped by moisture, and painted with flaking white tribal patterns that writhed faintly in the shifting fog as though still alive. Three long, moss-streaked green pinions jutted from the crown of its head like the plumage of a diseased bird. The mask's gnarled eyes and mouth were hollow, bottomless voids that seemed to </span>
      <span class="c16">drink</span>
      <span class="c8"> the light around them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">From those gaping orifices dribbled a thick, purple-black ichor, syrupy and reeking of decay. It oozed down the warped mask and spattered onto the bog, hissing softly as it poisoned everything it touched.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The creature’s torso was a massacre of torn flesh. Great wounds split it open from sternum to navel, revealing necrotic organs sloshing wetly with each shambling step. Its intestines dangled like rotten vines, swinging against the remnants of shredded, ceremonial robes that clung to its form in tatters. Each moan that echoed from its throat was guttural—like something being dragged from the bottom of a grave.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Behind it, a slick trail of that noxious ichor bled into the swampwater, curling through it like ink in milk—clouding, poisoning, </span>
      <span class="c16">killing</span>
      <span class="c8">.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The creature staggered deeper into the bog, dragging its sword like a reaper's scythe behind it. Only once it vanished into the veil of mist did the air begin to shift again. The fog clung like breath from a grave, curling around roots and stones with the hunger of something that remembered the living. The stench remained, but the pressure in my chest lifted, and I realized I’d been holding my breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl and I exhaled in unison.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ughhh... I guess we found our monster," I murmured, stepping slowly out of cover, every muscle still tight with dread. My voice sounded thin, stretched taut across the fear still clinging to my ribs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Yeah... let’s umm... </span>
      <span class="c16">not</span>
      <span class="c15"> go after it though," Tatl said, trying to sound flippant but failing. "That thing was terrifying! How could anything </span>
      <span class="c16">live</span>
      <span class="c15"> here with nightmares like </span>
      <span class="c16">that</span>
      <span class="c8"> lurking around!?" She gagged behind me, wings flickering erratically.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We have to go after it," I said flatly, eyes still scanning the fading mist. "That’s the whole reason we’re here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"But... did you </span>
      <span class="c16">see</span>
      <span class="c15"> it? That thing was </span>
      <span class="c16">HUGE!</span>
      <span class="c15"> It’s not just some common wolfos or chu-chu—its weapons were, like, twice your size! You’d be </span>
      <span class="c16">paste</span>
      <span class="c15"> before you even touched it! And it was already dead! How do you kill something that’s </span>
      <span class="c16">already</span>
      <span class="c8"> dead?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Trust me, I’ve fought bigger," I replied, more calm than I felt. "And undead aren’t the hardest to put down. They don’t think. They just follow pain. But that fog it seems to travel with... that’s the real problem. If we don’t track it to its lair, it could vanish again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl buzzed beside me, fidgeting midair. "Seriously? You’re not even the </span>
      <span class="c16">tiniest</span>
      <span class="c15"> bit scared? That </span>
      <span class="c16">thing</span>
      <span class="c8"> will be starring in my nightmares for years!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I let out a breath, glancing back the way the monster had gone. "I’ve seen worse. Once, I had to descend into the Shadow Temple—an ancient burial vault beneath a graveyard. It wasn’t just ruins... it was a place of ritual torment. The walls were painted in dried blood, iron masks still nailed to the stone where the skeletal remains of prisoners had been bound. There were pits lined with spikes, corridors that whispered.... The dead didn’t just lie still down there—they </span>
      <span class="c16">waited</span>
      <span class="c8">. And don't even get me started about something called the Dead Hand..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl’s glow pulsed nervously. "W-wait, what?! If that </span>
      <span class="c16">wasn’t</span>
      <span class="c15"> a blatant lie... how are you even still </span>
      <span class="c16">alive</span>
      <span class="c8">?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shrugged, a bitter smile tugging at the edge of my mouth. "Courage. Luck. Or maybe just a magical sword that cut through evil monster souls like nothing."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">She hovered closer. "Let me guess... you </span>
      <span class="c16">conveniently</span>
      <span class="c8"> don’t have it anymore?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Returned it to its resting place," I said. "When my mission ended, there was no need to keep it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"No </span>
      <span class="c16">need</span>
      <span class="c15">?!" she squeaked. "Did you </span>
      <span class="c16">see</span>
      <span class="c15"> that thing? We could’ve </span>
      <span class="c16">used</span>
      <span class="c8"> a soul-cleaving sword of destiny right about now!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, well... life’s full of bad timing," I muttered, my hand drifting toward the mask hidden beneath my cloak. "We make do with what we have. I left Hyrule with a sword and shield that a temple priest had blessed to burn with divine light whenever it touched something truly evil but...well, it's probably gone forever."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The sword I carried now—when masked, anyway—wasn't quite the same. It had the right weight, and it sang a familiar note when I swung it, but there was something missing in the resonance. It felt hollow, like an echo of what it pretended to be. Not a legacy blade, not a weapon of destiny—just a shadow made steel. It moved like it remembered greatness but couldn’t quite reclaim it. As if it knew it was only wearing a hero… not living with one. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The thought made my lips curl downward in anger at my fate. The memory of what I once carried—what I once </span>
      <span class="c16">was</span>
      <span class="c8">—sank like a stone in my chest. The world I left behind had crowned me a hero, but here I was, crawling through a haunted swamp with a false sword and a body that barely felt like mine. Every step forward felt like penance. Every breath was like a reminder that no prophecy had saved me from this. My destiny had turned to ash, and I was choking on the embers.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl was quiet for a beat, then mumbled, "I still think you’re insane. But I guess that’s the only kind of person who’d walk into a swamp like this."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That makes two of us," I said, finally cracking a small smile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She huffed. "Don’t remind me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I started down the trail again, anxious to leave the area.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Wait, you said you completed a mission. What mission?" Tatl pressed, her wings flicking with renewed energy. "You can't just leave it there, you've </span>
      <span class="c16">piqued</span>
      <span class="c8"> my interest!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It was a long time ago… I don't really want to talk about it," I muttered, already regretting letting anything slip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Oh come </span>
      <span class="c16">on</span>
      <span class="c8">! You said that before, but I told you a little about my past. Why don't you return the favor?" she begged, drifting close with an expectant tilt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ugh… fine. I guess that's fair." I sighed, rubbing the bridge of my nose. "Okay, here's the short version. A thief named Ganondorf stole a sacred relic that granted his wish to rule the world. He declared himself King of Evil, enslaved the races of Hyrule, and I was chosen to stop him. So I did—with help from... people I trusted."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"That's </span>
      <span class="c16">all</span>
      <span class="c15">…? That's the best you can do? You can't just </span>
      <span class="c16">drop</span>
      <span class="c8"> something like that and not deliver. Gimme more!" she pushed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I groaned. "Alright. I cleansed evil from seven temples—each one crawling with monsters, traps, curses. Fought through endless hordes, rescued the sages who’d been imprisoned, sealed Ganondorf in a void of darkness... and then got shoved back in time to relive my childhood. Like it all never happened."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well... it’s better than nothing," Tatl said, though her voice had softened. "One day I’ll break through that guarded little hero heart, but for now I guess I’ll let you be mysterious."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yup. Legendary hero. Or... I was." My voice came out quieter than I meant. "Before I was sent back. I had night terrors for months after. Waking up thinking the world had ended. Zelda… she was there for me. Helped me adjust. Helped me... let go."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Who's Zelda? She sounds nice."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"She was the Princess of Hyrule. Now the Queen, probably." I tried to sound casual, but even her name stirred something old and aching in my chest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wow. I gotta say, I wouldn’t have guessed you were the ‘falling-for-royalty’ type," Tatl whistled. "All noble and tragic."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I never said I was in love," I snapped, a little too quickly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"It was totally in your voice when you said her name, you </span>
      <span class="c16">cannot</span>
      <span class="c8"> deny it," she teased. "And it sounds like she cared about you too. No wonder you're all moody and evasive—you feel guilty for leaving her behind."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No! That's not...it…" I sighed, Tatl was right. "Look...I just don't belong with a princess. I'm a battle-hardened warrior, and Hyrule is in a time of peace. I can't live like that, not after everything I'd been put through. How could Zelda possibly be happy with someone like me?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I dunno, love isn't my strong suit. But I doubt that Zelda cares. I think when all this is over, you should go back and tell her how you feel."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I don't even know how to get back, let alone survive this place! Besides, </span>
      <span class="c16">look</span>
      <span class="c8"> at me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gestured to my feminine form and kicked a rock in frustration. Pain rippled through my foot and I stumbled, hopping on one leg as I massaged my stubbed toe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Owww! Arrgh! I'm done talking about this!" I screamed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My shrill voice echoed through the swamp, startling birds from the branches above in a flurry of wings. The sting faded, but the embarrassment lingered. Not from the pain—real as it was—but from the rawness of being seen while my emotions were falling apart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Alright, alright! </span>
      <span class="c16">Sheesh</span>
      <span class="c8">! Calm down before you summon that bloodcurdling monster again!" Tatl waved frantically, scanning the shadows. "I'm sorry... forget I mentioned anything."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glared at the ground, blinking away the rain that had fallen into my eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Only... it wasn’t raining.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered closer, her glow dimming into something gentler—but she didn’t speak. Not right away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Instead, she lingered beside me in silence. And for once, it wasn’t filled with quips or questions. Just quiet understanding. I could feel her watching me—not with pity, but with a dawning clarity. Like she was seeing past the mask for the first time, seeing the shape of someone scarred beneath all the silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn’t want her to see it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I </span>
      <span class="c16">did</span>
      <span class="c8"> want her to see it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I looked down at my hands—smaller now, softer, uncertain—and sighed heavily.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Maybe," I muttered, eyes fixed on the shifting mist ahead. "Maybe I was in love. Maybe... it’s complicated."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The words felt too small for the weight they carried. Like naming a wound didn’t make it bleed any less.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Love didn’t stop her from turning back the clock. It didn’t hold back… fate. And it sure didn’t stop me from getting torn out of one life and thrown into another." I paused. "She…ugh…she did what she thought was right. Maybe she </span>
      <span class="c16">was</span>
      <span class="c8"> right. I just... I don’t know where I’m supposed to put any of it now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl’s voice came at last, quiet and low. “Maybe… you don’t have to. Not yet. Maybe it’s okay if it doesn’t make sense for a while.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glanced at her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She didn’t look away. “You’ve been carrying all that without a break, haven’t you? Always trying to be the hero, even when no one’s looking. Even when it’s tearing you apart.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I said nothing. I didn’t have to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">“You know… um… you’re not alone now,” she said, more gently than I’d ever heard her. “You don’t have to carry it all by yourself. Not with me here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her glow warmed slightly, a soft pulse of light in the gray. Not bright, not bold—just enough to be felt, like a hand quietly reaching out in the dark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">And I found myself—just for a moment—believing her. Wanting to believe her. That someone could stand beside me and </span>
      <span class="c16">see</span>
      <span class="c8"> the ruin without flinching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Let's... just keep moving," I said, my voice rough with emotion. Not dismissive—just worn. Like the words were walking on blistered feet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">She didn’t argue. Just stayed close, her glow surreal against the fog. Her silence said more than comfort ever could. She was </span>
      <span class="c16">with</span>
      <span class="c8"> me. No expectations. No judgment. Just presence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And we kept walking, the mist curling around our legs like memories too stubborn to fade—but now, for the first time in a long time, not entirely alone in them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I chose to remain quiet until we reached the boathouse. Thankfully, Tatl followed my lead—but her words kept echoing through my mind like ripples over a wound that refused to close. She had seen more than I meant to show. And worse—she’d been right. But admitting that to her? To myself? That was still too much.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I knew how Zelda had looked at me. I knew what we shared, unspoken as it often was. But my happiness... that had been forfeit long ago. Offered up to the gods the moment I drew the Master Sword and stepped into the timestream. Zelda belonged to Hyrule, to peace, to golden rooms and measured words. She deserved the warmth of sunlit courtyards, the laughter of children, soft hands and safer futures. I was none of that. I was the shadow that lingered after the fire. A sword with no sheath. A name whispered in temples and forgotten at home.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was built for battle and adventure.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Despite the curses that clung to every branch, and the unease that coiled like fog at my ankles, part of me—some twisted part—almost </span>
      <span class="c16">enjoyed</span>
      <span class="c15"> the trek through the bog. There was a rawness here. A thrill beneath the dread. Like walking a knife’s edge with bare feet. The uncertainty hummed through my bones like the prelude to battle. It gave me </span>
      <span class="c16">purpose</span>
      <span class="c8">. Purpose I hadn’t felt since the last seal closed the Demon King in the abyss and silence fell over the kingdom.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Peace had starved me. Six years of it had eroded me in ways no war ever could. Without a threat, I was just... leftover. Rusting.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">So I came here. To a place that still bled. Where monsters still hunted and evil still whispered in the dark. Here, I wasn’t obsolete. Here, I </span>
      <span class="c16">mattered</span>
      <span class="c8">.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The trail ended at a long, weathered boardwalk. Planks groaned beneath my boots as I stepped onto it, damp with moss and slick with age. Mist curled like breath around my ankles, coiling up from the dark water below. The air smelled brackish—part algae, part rot, tinged faintly with woodsmoke and something faintly sickly sweet, like an old corpse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The world fell quiet, as if holding its breath. Lanterns glowed faintly at the head of the pier, casting amber halos into the fog like tired eyes that refused to close. Further down the dock, nestled into the mist, stood an owl statue—weathered, half-covered in lichen, but unmistakable. Its eyes were shut, wings folded, like it was waiting for something.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Across the water, a two-story shack floated gently, tethered by thick ropes to half-submerged pylons. The building creaked softly with each ripple of the swamp, like it was murmuring in its sleep. Smoke curled from its chimney in a lazy spiral, tracing a slow path upward into the gray.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright, here we are. Are you OK, Link?" Tatl chimed, her voice careful—not too light, not too prying.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I'm fine… I just had to work through some things," I said, forcing a breath past the tightness in my chest. "I just want to say… that you were right. I'm not good at talking about this stuff. And I'm sorry. For being such an idiot."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered a little closer, her glow warmer than the lanterns. "Hey... thanks for saying that. You’re not an idiot. Just... damaged goods like the rest of us."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I snorted softly. "Thanks.... I think."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You're welcome," she said, and for once, we both laughed. Just a little.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And for a heartbeat, the fog didn’t feel so heavy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The boardwalk swayed gently beneath our steps, the wood groaning with age and damp. Ripples fanned out through the stagnant water with each footfall, disturbing floating debris and clumps of green algae. Gnats and flies buzzed persistently around our heads, drawn to the sweat and lantern glow. I swatted at them half-heartedly, my mind still half-lost in memory. The smell of mildew, river mud, and faint smoke drifted in the air, thick as the mist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We reached the weather-beaten door of the boathouse, its surface warped with years of exposure. I knocked with my knuckles—three sharp raps—and heard the shuffle of movement inside. A small peephole snapped open, and a gruff voice echoed from within.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Eh? What do ye want!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We would like to rent a boat. Do you have any available?" Tatl answered politely.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"A boat? Nah, this is the photography club. The boat rental’s up the ladder to the left! But ahhh... the owner, Koume, hasn’t been by in a few days!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man’s voice boomed with a thick, unplaceable accent, every syllable dragged out like rope soaked in molasses.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, okay then... do you know any other boat shops around here?" I asked, leaning closer to the opening. "We're kind of in a hurry."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Nope, 'fraid this is the only place 'round here with boats! Tell ye what though, you two look straight bushed! Why don’t ya both come inside for a nice cuppa 'n warm yer spirits. I’m sure ye can spare a tic after hoofin’ it over 'ere!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The heavy door creaked inward on rusted hinges, revealing a formidable man with a closely-shaved black beard and mirror-tinted glasses that flashed in the lantern light. A brown leather flight cap was pulled tight over his head, and his massive arm gestured us in with the ease of someone used to taking up space. His vest, worn and sun-faded, clung to a thick, hairy torso and a bulging gut, and beneath it, a pair of comically small white-and-red pinstriped trousers barely clung to his frame.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I cast Tatl a sideways glance and shrugged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She gave a small nod, and we stepped into the warm, flickering light of the cabin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Awright, make yerselves at home. I got the tea goin' on the mantle," the mountainous man bellowed, his voice booming with that unmistakable swamptung lilt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The cabin chamber was cozy and worn-in, smelling faintly of cedar smoke and damp wool. Dim lanterns hung from exposed beams, casting soft golden pools of light over the mismatched furniture. The walls were cluttered with curling photographs—sepia-toned snapshots of travelers, misty lagoons, and half-submerged ruins. A few taxidermied fish, preserved mid-thrash, hung above a display of homemade bows and rusted tools.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A large couch sagged against the far wall, draped in an old knitted throw. Several leafy potted plants clustered beside a squat little table, their fronds reaching like curious hands toward the heat of the fire. The man waved us toward it, and we obliged, sinking into the creaking cushions.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He thumped over to the fireplace, where a small kettle hissed quietly over glowing coals. He stirred them with a blackened iron poker, sending a puff of embers into the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So, what brings you two birds to this armpit of Termina? We don't get too many fair folk such as yerselves down 'ere," he asked with a broad grin, revealing a missing tooth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Before we could answer, the man clapped a massive hand over his face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"</span>
      <span class="c16">Strewth!</span>
      <span class="c8"> How could I be so crass to not make proper acquaintances! I'm called Frank, if it so pleases ye both." He executed a flourishing bow with surprising grace for someone of his size. "How might I call you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, my name is Link… and this is Tatl."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, 'tis a pleasure to meet ya!" Frank said, ambling behind a cluttered counter at the other end of the room. He rummaged briefly through a drawer full of mismatched mugs. "So, a boat… are ye here to see th' sights? I'm a tour guide of sorts, and I know me way 'round the swamp like the back o' me clamp!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ummm, kind of, I think?" I replied, still working to decipher his colorful dialect. "We're hunting the monster that's causing havoc here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Frank paused, mug halfway to the counter. His jovial expression stiffened. Slowly, he leaned forward, elbows bracing against the bar’s edge.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The smile never quite left his face—but it no longer reached his eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Blimey! Yer serious!" The man scratched his exposed, hairy chest with thick fingers. "You best stay away from that beast, sheila! Matter o’ fact, ye best flee this bloody swamp altogether!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It's Link," I said sharply, straightening. "And we can't leave. I can handle myself, and we were sent to deal with the monster." Tatl hovered beside me, nodding in solidarity.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I apologize for me swamptung... 'Sheila' is just a word we use down 'ere for spunky young lasses such as yerself," he said with a sheepish grin. "But I’m bloody serious—ye gotta get out while ya still can. Odalwa ain’t an ordinary monster."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Odalwa?" Tatl echoed, brow furrowing. "That thing has a </span>
      <span class="c16">name</span>
      <span class="c8">?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeh. Used to be just a ghost story we told the wee ones to keep 'em from wanderin'. ‘Bog in to yer rat stew, Bill and Sally, or Ol’ Odalwa’ll tear yer tongue out!’ That sort o’ thing. But they ain’t just tales no more. Somethin’ woke it up. It’s real now, and it's been snatchin' folk."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So… what you're saying is a storybook monster came to life. And now it's hunting people," I said, flatly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Right-o! And from what I seen and heard, it favors little sheilas like </span>
      <span class="c16">you.</span>
      <span class="c8"> So I’m beggin’ ya—get outta dodge before it’s too late."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rose from the couch, jaw tight. "No. Look, if you can’t or won’t help us, we’re going either way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Frank raised his hands defensively. "Wait jist a tic, mate! Hear me out, yeh? If yer gonna be trouncin’ about the swamp, you’ll need a boat, at the very least. That fancy bow o’ yours won’t do much against Odalwa, if you’re serious about huntin’ it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Then what do you suggest?" I muttered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Koume’s sister, Kotake, runs a magic shop east of here. Strange old bird, but wise as the tide. She might know where Koume’s gotten off to. And chances are, she’s got some thingummy or charm that might help ye survive out there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He scratched behind his ear, his tone softening. "I'd be heaps grateful if ya found Koume. Business has been dryer than a dead Deku without my boat captain."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I exchanged a glance with Tatl, who nodded.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Sounds like we’d be killing two birds with one stone. Where’s the shop, exactly?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Coupla clicks east. Stick to the shoreline and you’ll see the path clear as day. Big crooked trees and some glowy fungus’ll light yer way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Right. Thank you for your... kind... hospitality, Frank," I said, heading toward the exit. "But I think we’ll have to take a rain check on that tea."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Frank gave a knowing chuckle and tipped an imaginary hat. "Fair winds, then. And may yer feet stay dry and yer bow stay true."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I waved once, and stepped back into the fog with Tatl at my side, the door creaking shut behind us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Swamp dwellers… so weird." Tatl shook her head, her tiny voice tinged with amusement and mild exasperation. "I can barely ever understand them—and they're all pretty crazy. But... I guess you'd have to be, living in a place like this."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I laughed softly, the sound a little hoarse in the heavy air, and started down the boardwalk toward solid ground.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright. We should hurry. I can't imagine we have much time left before the moon falls."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl floated upward, scanning the thick clouds overhead for a glimpse of the doomed sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I can't tell either, but you're probably right. He said the shop was east of here, shouldn’t be too far a walk. I’m more worried about what he said about Odalwa…" She glanced around, her glow dimming slightly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"If we see any fog drifting our way, we’ll hide—same as before. Don’t worry. We’ve made it this far." I tried to sound calm, steady. My boots squished into the mossy earth, the wet ground sucking at each step.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, you’re the hero," Tatl said, not quite reassured, but choosing to trust me anyway.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She drifted in closer, her light brushing against my shoulder—not a nudge, not an accident. A quiet signal. A promise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Whatever came next, we’d face it together.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I smiled faintly and gave her a thumbs-up, the gesture small but sincere. She chuckled, a fragile sound that stirred the air around us like wind through reeds.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The shallow mud squelched beneath our feet as we moved eastward into the pale haze of the swamp. Ferns and vine-choked trunks loomed in the fog like the silhouettes of forgotten sentinels. Crickets whispered. Distant birds shrieked once and fell silent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With each step, the quiet thickened. The squelch of my boots faded beneath the hush, swallowed by the stillness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And I couldn’t shake the feeling—that every step forward was drawing us nearer to something nameless. Not just a beast or a shadow or a trap, but something older. Something watching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The mist curled at our heels like ghosts, and even with Tatl’s gentle glow beside me, the weight of the sky pressed down harder with each breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Whatever lay ahead—monster, memory, or madness—it wasn’t just a threat to overcome.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It was a reckoning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And I had to face it—not just for Termina, but for every fractured piece of myself scattered through this dying world. My name, my purpose, my fate… they all waited in that dark. So I stepped forward—into the dread, into the waiting dark—toward the reckoning that bore my name.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
