<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_25"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.tgoww563a1qn">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Nine</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.s390o625c6y0">
      <span class="c14">Clock Town Corruption</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c40">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The dawn of the first day began as usual. The gleaming sun shone merrily onto the Clock Tower as birds chirped throughout the plaza. The brawny construction crew hammered and sawed, and the early shoppers chatted and hurried into and out of the opening shopping stalls positioned around the area. Yet despite the normalcy of the scene, a faint unease lingered in my chest—a ghost of the horrors from the swamp. I stood beside Tatl, once again at the base of the immense Tower in the middle of Clock Town, wondering about our next move. for restoring peace to Termina.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yep." Tatl shrugged, "Another day, another adventure. What do we do this time?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Shaking a mild dizziness away, I took stock of my belongings by rummaging through my belt pouches and was relieved to find everything still there from the day before, including the new and improved scale-lined cloak. Finding my inventory satisfactory, I looked around and tried to think.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm...well… didn't we hear someone say something about the north…?" I asked, turning to my companion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl was just about to answer when an inquisitive voice cut into our conversation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, do you fine ladies need any help?" An earnest young man spoke up beside us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I turned to tell the person that we were just fine when I recognized the intruder—my breath catching just slightly in my throat. There, standing in the morning light, was Ratt. That familiar mop of scraggly black hair, eyes brimming with helpful mischief, a young man of thin, lanky stature, and the familiar blue clothing of a Bomber with the number "3" sewn on the back of a white vest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Something tightened in my chest, an unspoken mix of frustration, unease… and maybe something else. I also remembered the ratty kid's constant flirting. I wasn’t ready to name the feeling yet, but it still lingered like the last note of a song still echoing in my bones.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Oh no, </span>
      <span class="c35">not you</span>
      <span class="c33">!" I groaned loudly and put a hand to my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, what? Have we met before?" The boy asked in confusion. "I think I would've remembered someone like you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes...no I mean! We've never met before!" I hurriedly babbled, my mind struggling to come up with an excuse to leave. "I mean I've seen you around, but that's it!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I immediately remembered the small peck on the cheek the boy gave me, and a flicker of vulnerability surged through me, my cheeks flushing red with the memory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">Idiot, what are you doing?!</span>
      <span class="c33"> I angrily berated myself, mortified at the sudden warmth rushing to my face, struggling to hide the softness I hadn't meant to show.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehe...ummm… right…" He nervously laughed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Damn it! Too late! I mentally slapped myself, knowing the kid had noticed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh well, anyway… I just wanted to see if you needed any help since you look a little lost. Maybe I can guide you to wherever you're going?" He quickly changed the subject, sensing my discomfort.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No thanks…" I declined and turned briskly away. "I think we have an idea."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey wait, Link!" Tatl chimed and pulled my hand back as I began walking away. "This guy is one of those Bombers, they'll probably know more about weird stuff happening."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I know what's going on, Tatl, we have to go north!" I argued, yanking my hand away in irritation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"North? As in the mountains?" Ratt warned, rushing to my side. "Ohh no, you don't want to go there, you'd be dead or frozen solid before you could even get to the trails! The Pass is completely blocked with ice, rocks, and snow storms. The only people who can get through are the Gorons. And, if you don't mind my saying so, you're much better looking than a rock creature."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The boy smiled and winked at me, and I rolled my eyes and continued on. A mix of confusion, frustration, and a traitorous flutter of something softer churned quietly beneath my practiced indifference. I quickened my pace away from the youth, heart thudding faster than I liked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Okay okay, I'm sorry!" Ratt apologized and caught up to me. "But you can't be serious about going to the mountains, right? I wasn't joking about that, you wouldn't stand a chance!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I'll be fine, I've been through far worse I'm sure, including </span>
      <span class="c35">you</span>
      <span class="c33">. Now leave us alone!" I angrily chided, pushing the irksome boy away to get some distance. But even as I shoved him, my fingers lingered a heartbeat too long on his chest—just enough to spark another jolt of unease.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oof!" Ratt grunted, "Sheesh you're stubborn! H-hey wait!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I ignored the boy and pressed on, but Tatl quickly dashed in front of me to block my path.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Stop, you hard-headed goat! Don't you think we should hear him out? Look at where your one track mind has gotten you so far." The fairy flung my hair into my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Why do </span>
      <span class="c35">you</span>
      <span class="c33"> want to listen to this kid?" I fiercely swiped the scarlet locks from my face and glared at Tatl. My voice wavered slightly, the tension building inside me threatening to spill. "Last time he almost got me killed, or worse. He's nothing but trouble!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Last time? What do you mean?" Ratt spoke up from behind. "You keep implying that you know me, but I'm sure we've never met. What's going on, are you on some of that new magic dust? That stuff will kill you, ya know?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We were standing in the middle of the walkway, and I looked around to notice the area was getting crowded with more and more people. With a resigned groan, I pulled Ratt along behind me and into a more secluded and empty storefront across from the tower.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Alright... look, you're going to forget this anyway so I might as well tell you." I sighed and released the boy. "We're trying to save this world, because in three days it's going to end. We can't </span>
      <span class="c35">do</span>
      <span class="c33"> that in three days, so we need to travel back in time constantly. The last time I saw you, you were being beaten by some gang members and I saved your life."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt stared at me for a long moment, his playful grin faltering as uncertainty crept across his face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ya know, I was only kidding about you being on drugs, but... now..uh I think you need to get some help."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gave him an indignant shove once more, defiant heat flushing through me, and I took out my ocarina.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm not on anything, you idiot. This is a special instrument that bends time… or something... like that. If I play a specific song on this, I, and whoever I happen to be with, get swept back in time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt stumbled slightly but kept his eyes fixed on the ocarina, his concern deepening.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know what? I'm tired of being patronized and treated like garbage by clueless morons," I snapped, my voice shaking slightly, more raw than I'd meant to let show.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt flinched, the mask of confidence crumbling as he took a hesitant step back. The confusion in his eyes gave way to something softer—worry, maybe even regret. And in that flicker, I saw not the flirtatious troublemaker, but a boy who simply didn’t understand the weight I carried.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don't move. Just sit still." I growled and put the ocarina to my lips.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The notes from the Song of Time swirled around us like golden ribbons in a storm, and Ratt's features contorted from idle amusement to utter disbelief. His jaw slackened, his eyes went wide with terror, and he clutched at the air as the ground vanished beneath us. As we sailed through the endless whiteness of the time stream, his breathing turned rapid and shallow, and he trembled violently, mouthing frantic words I couldn’t hear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl and I braced ourselves—this was familiar ground—but Ratt crumpled the moment the world slammed back into place, falling to his knees and retching violently onto the cobblestone. I recoiled from the sour stench, watching him struggle to push himself upright, sweat beading across his brow, his lips pale and trembling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wha...what was that?" he rasped, voice thin with disbelief and horror.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That was time travel." I candidly stated, grimacing and stepping away from the pool of vomit spreading on the ground.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Holy gods…" He put a hand against his forehead while eyeing his surroundings. His breath hitched, and a tremble rolled through his body as he took in the unchanged plaza. Then he gasped, his eyes widening in a blend of awe and confusion. "Wait...gods! A-a-are you a goddess?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl suddenly burst into uproarious laughter and flopped onto my shoulder, trying to speak but unable to do so without laughing. Her wings beat erratically with amusement. I, myself, couldn't help but smile at the ridiculous sentiment, though it felt like a hollow bell tolling in my chest. A goddess. If only he knew how broken I still felt, how even being called a goddess made me feel lesser than I was originally.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, pretty far from it. But now if you'd excuse me, I have a world to save. Enjoy the rest of your life."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt grabbed my hand before I could leave. I whirled around, reflexively ready to shove him away into the walls of the Clock Tower. But his hand clung to mine—not just in urgency, but in unspoken fear. His eyes were wide, searching, almost childlike in their plea. His grip trembled faintly against mine, and something about his unguarded vulnerability—raw and exposed—made me hesitate. The anger in my chest softened, and my heart stuttered with reluctant empathy, shadowed by a pang of understanding I hadn't wanted to feel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK, say I believe you now... but I wasn't joking about the danger in the north. Word is that the land is cursed, frozen into an eternal winter, and that there's nothing left! It's gotten so bad that even Gorons are migrating south, which has never happened before! If you don't believe me, you can ask the Gorons themselves. A bunch are here in town right now!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl, finally recovering from her laughter, breathed in deep breaths to calm herself. Her wings shimmered with a subtle glint of curiosity as she fluttered up from her perch to face me, her expression laced with both amusement and a trace of wary interest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whewwww… Well, oh goddess? Should we take this kid's advice?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fine.." I conceded, "We might as well. Where are these Gorons, Ratt?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well I know a few of them are waiting to see the mayor." The lad smiled and held his hand out to me. "I can take you there if you'd like? That is, if you don't mind being around another clueless moron?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright…" I sighed in reluctance, and cautiously let him take my hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The tower plaza was gradually filling with eager people as more stalls opened or prepared to open for business. We weaved around the growing crowds toward one of the plaza exits. Ratt pulled me along confidently between buildings and horse-drawn carts loaded with goods. The city was lively and full of sounds. Music from a variety of instruments swirled amongst laughter, bells, and a thousand conversations under a clear blue sky and cheery morning sun. Yet beneath the warmth and joy, I felt a tight, uneasy knot in my stomach—a flicker of anxiety that wouldn’t quite go away. The crowd’s cheer felt almost too perfect, too unaware. I couldn’t shake the sense that this world, so full of life, teetered silently on the brink of ending. If I hadn't known any better, I would never consider that this lively world could be dead in just a few days.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We continued on at a brisk, yet comfortable pace, turning onto a new street with fewer townsfolk traversing the road. The buildings, utilities, and surroundings became more decorative and luxurious as Ratt led us to what I assumed to be Clock Town's wealthier district. Several guards looked our way, expecting trouble, and more than a few of the residents turned up their noses at us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Rich snobs…" Ratt muttered under his breath. "Someday I'll show them…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Show them what?" I raised a curious brow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm?" Ratt seemed surprised that I heard. "Oh… it's nothing. I just don't like the huge difference in wealth here. These people just hoard everything to themselves, showing off to everyone else how rich they are, and let others less fortunate starve without a thought. My mom would…." His voice dipped slightly, the anger thinning for just a moment. "My mom used to bring me here sometimes... back when she was still around. She always made it feel like the world wasn't so cruel, even here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">His voice trailed off. I thought I heard a faint quiver in it, but he quickly changed the subject again once he saw me staring.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh...it's...uh...it's nothing, w-we're almost there, don't worry. The mayor's office is just up ahead, just don't cause any trouble since the guards here are the worst. I've been kicked and pushed around by them plenty of times in this part of town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He quickly shook his head and forced a laugh, trying to cover the slip. "Anyway, let's just keep moving. No need to dwell on the past, right?""</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Why? Do </span>
      <span class="c35">you</span>
      <span class="c33"> cause trouble? Maybe you go around flirting with their wives?" I said with forced levity, though the edge in my tone betrayed a deeper frustration I hadn't intended to show. The words slipped out sharper than I meant.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, they just don't like the Bombers. See, I technically don't have a home...or uh... money. That's how most of us Bombers are. Jim, our leader, is the mayor's son. His mother absolutely hates this club though, probably since the rest of us are poor and all. She...kinda believes we're no better than a murderous, thieving bunch of criminals…actually that's what she believes all poor folks are like."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt spoke in cold, angry tones, lost in thought, and I felt his grip slowly tense around my fingers—a pressure that caught me off guard. There was a quiet intensity in the way our hands remained joined, and something in that touch stirred a warmth I wasn’t ready to name. A flicker of guilt, of tenderness, maybe even attraction—it all twisted together, leaving me breathless with confusion.. A quiet pang of sympathy bloomed in my chest—his anger wasn't aimless, it was shaped by pain, by a life of being overlooked. I found myself squeezing his hand back, just slightly, unsure if I meant to comfort him or anchor myself in the midst of his rising frustration. He then quickly snapped back to the conversation and relaxed his hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But Jim, he scorned his mother's hatred of the lower class. Even though he himself is just a kid, he saw us street urchins as equals and decided to help out by giving us all food and stuff. One day he comes down to our hideaway, all alone, and asks us if we want justice. Pretty much everyone, having lost everything to the upper class, says yes. He then brings us these fancy blue clothes and says that we're apart of an underground crew that fights for justice and good. See, he got his father to somehow sign a doctrine that makes our crew an official 'secret society of justice forever'… or something like that. The guards absolutely resent us for that, and think of us as nothing more than a joke…."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As if on cue, I ducked as I heard a small stone whizzing through the air and narrowly miss the boy's head. I turned to see two guards in gleaming silver armor laughing raucously as the stone loudly clattered off into an alleyway. I furiously pulled my hand free of Ratt's and made my way to the guffawing soldiers in burning rage with Tatl following suit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Hey! Did you just throw a </span>
      <span class="c35">rock at us!?</span>
      <span class="c33">" I shouted out, feeling an inner rage boil over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, don't!" Ratt quickly wrapped around my arm and pulled me away. "You'll only get us in more trouble than it's worth!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The guards saw this and laughed even harder, nearly coming to tears.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wahahaha! Better listen to your weasel boyfriend!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hahaha, yeah! You don't want any of this!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Let me go!" I furiously wriggled to get out of Ratt's surprisingly strong grip. "I can take them all on!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I...urgh...bet you can!" The boy struggled to keep hold of me. "But there's….ugh...more of them than us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"N-no! I'm… going to teach.. them a...gah!" I gritted through my teeth, unable to wrench free.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Please...stop...whew…. I'm o-only trying to help!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, he's right, there's more of them coming!" Tatl beseeched, fluttering in front of me. "Remember we're trying to save them, not hurt them?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">By now I had managed to be pulled some distance away from the two chuckle clucks who were sauntering off, and finally ceased my attempts to pull away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why should we let them get away with that?" I glowered at Tatl. "Those bullies don't deserve to be saved!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look…" Ratt spoke softly as he loosened my arm. "As much as I want to fight them, violence won't solve this problem. If we fight, we'll be seen as the villains, and then we'll be imprisoned or…..executed. It's not fair, and it's not right, but it's what has to be done for now. It's how we survive."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I turned to look him in the eyes to protest, expecting to see nothing but defeated weakness, like the hollow gazes of others I'd met who'd borne too much pain for too long. But instead, I saw something else entirely. I saw a fierce, indomitable determination in his sea-green gaze, a reflection of something I’d nearly forgotten in myself.... It reminded me of my own first taste of destiny, the moment I stopped being a child and chose to become a hero, all those years ago when I witnessed the death of the Deku Tree, and I saw my reflection in a pool I mourned at in losing my only father figure...with a blazing determination in my eyes that would never be smothered, a fire that refused to die, even when the world tried so hard to drown it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh...right..." Ratt coughed as if to clear his throat, shattering through my reverie. "Maybe, uh, we should get going before more guards harass us."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good idea." I shook myself back to the moment, refocusing on our objective. "Lead the way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I let Ratt get a little distance before following after him, trying to gather my thoughts. Tatl dropped down onto my right shoulder and moved in close to my ear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, what was that all about? Are you feeling OK?" She muttered quietly, a note of sharpness in her voice that wasn't quite concern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm...not sure. I feel like I know him…" I whispered, catching the faintest glimmer of suspicion in Tatl’s eyes. She hovered just a little closer, her wings fluttering in front of me, as if to put distance between me and Ratt. Her gaze lingered on him a moment too long, shaded with something like jealousy, or maybe just fear of being left behind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, you did save his life last time. So you do kinda know him." The pixie shrugged, "Maybe all this time travel is going to your head?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmmm… yeah you're probably right... Let's just keep moving okay?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sure sure, whatever you say."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With a final inquisitive glance at me, Tatl rose into the air again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Just up ahead, Ratt had stopped in front of a large building resplendent in banners hanging from a marble balcony, colorful masks in all shapes and sizes, and various statuettes. Two soldiers in gold-trimmed white armor stood guard at the heavy wooden door, glaring suspiciously at the three of us but thankfully staying put.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So...Link is it? This is the place, I'm uh...sorry you had to deal with that back there. That's just how the west side is... but the Gorons should be in there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Thanks, Ratt." I smiled, nodding my appreciation. "I guess I'll see you around then."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, maybe." The boy grinned, and headed toward an alleyway across the street.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stepped up to the door, pausing in case the two decorated guards decided to confront me, and went inside when neither moved. The large wooden door was fairly easy to push open, likely the hinges on every door were well greased in this part of town, and walked into a large lobby with green flooring, comfortable-looking couches in the corners, and an impressive model of the entire town taking up the center of the lobby. A glossy, dark red desk took up the far end of the room with hefty doors on either side of it. A mousey, green-haired secretary sat at the desk, silently shuffling papers and letters into separate piles. She hadn't noticed me yet, so I stepped up to the desk and asked about the Gorons. Without looking up from her piles, she politely answered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The Goron visitors and their emissary are in an important meeting right now with the mayor. I'm afraid you'll just have to wait until the meeting is finished."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We both jumped as something in the other room crashed onto the floor with a resounding boom, followed closely by the loud exclamations of what seemed to be furious arguments.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ummm, maybe it's best if you wait outside?" The secretary nervously stated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That sounds like a great idea." I replied in agreement, remembering just how strong Gorons were.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Just as I reached the entrance, something big and heavy flew through the now destroyed door on the left side of the desk. It crashed into the wall with a groan, which turned out to be a crumpled soldier. A hulking Goron angrily stomped out of the ruined doorway and was trailed by two other, smaller Gorons. I expeditiously moved out of their way as they trudged out the main door. Two guards rushed out of the room to check on their comrade and a smallish figure peeked out from the demolished door. The man seemed extremely high strung, and had deep, dark circles beneath his maroon-colored eyes. His thinning blue hair was drawn back into strange, horn like shapes and he wore dark, officious clothing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ohhh dear… what else could possibly go wrong…?" He sighed in exhaustion and put a defeated hand upon his head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Mr. Mayor? What happened in there?" The secretary cried out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ohhh…. just Gorons being Gorons. I wouldn't worry too much, I have a feeling they'll be leaving soon….I hope." He mumbled that last part to himself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Seeing my opportunity to catch the Gorons, I dashed out the door in pursuit. Thankfully they didn't get very far, and I rushed before them and confronted the apparent leader, who halted and peered down at me in confusion. Townsfolk rushed to get away from the strange, potentially dangerous sight, and the cowardly guards kept eyes on us from a distance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What do you want, tiny human? Come to gawk at us like the others?" The massive Goron, who was easily three times my size, questioned.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I've heard you had some trouble up north, brothers!" I tried to sound as aggressive and intimidating as I could in my effeminate voice, though a flicker of self-consciousness tugged at me—an awkward reminder of the strange dissonance I still felt inside my shifted form. "I want to help!" I declared, but the words trembled slightly in the air, caught between defiance and something deeper. A mix of desperation and conviction burned behind my eyes. This was more than bravado. It was a plea to matter, to fight back against helplessness. It was always my destiny....to take on burdens no one else could, to rise when others fell, even when I wasn’t sure who I truly was.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The Gorons were silent, likely contemplating if I was insane or joking, but the leader finally spoke up.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tiny Human, not even our fiercest warrior could save our home. He was mighty indeed, and take no offense, but you are not even half his size…" The mountainous creature mused. "I must thank you for your kind gesture though. It was the first offer we received in this wretched city."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I understand, brother. But I can assure you that I am capable! Surely there must be a way I can prove this?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmmmmmmm…." The Goron grumbled in deep thought. "You speak like our own kind, have you... dealt with us before?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, as a matter of fact, in my homeland I was made a Sworn Brother." I replied, as confidently as I could manage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"...You? Are a Sworn Brother?" They all seemed surprised, and the leader spoke up again. " Either you are a deplorable liar, or our knowledge of humans is sadly defunct. Are you not a…hmm what do they call it...mother human?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No...I mean- yes...ugh. Look, things are different where I'm from, I was accepted as part of the Goron family for saving their land."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How odd… Very well, we actually have a more immediate problem you can help with. Solve it, and you will have proven yourself."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No problem, brother. Tell me what you need?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmmmm…." The Goron spoke a bit uncertainly, "The human chief here refused to help us. It is fortunate you offered to help though, one of our young was stolen from us last night as we rested from our long journey. We know it was a group of humans and followed them here, but we are now lost and frustrated in this horrid city."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm very sorry that such an evil crime was committed by my kind. I shall do my best to right this wrong, and bring your child back, or die trying!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good, I pray you find him, kind, er...brother." The Goron leader nodded his satisfaction. "The child is critical to our future survival, especially if Snowhead is truly lost to us. You have been entrusted with a great burden, tiny human—may your courage carry you through. We shall be outside the northern walls of this awful city, away from this toxic air. Find us there, should you save our young."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With that, the Gorons all tromped off toward the northern park, parting the small stream of timid people like boulders in a river. I decided to go find Ratt once more, who seemed to be my best chance at finding this lost Goron kid. I turned to ask Tatl her opinion, only to discover that Ratt had been standing beside her for who knows how long.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heh, Sworn Brother, eh?" Ratt teased, his eyes glinting with mischief as a crooked grin tugged at his lips. He rocked back on his heels slightly, arms crossing with playful confidence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah...um.. How long were you eavesdropping there?" I asked in slight annoyance, walking over to them both.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pretty much the entire time, you're pretty brave for blocking off an angry Goron like that. I was simply standing right here as...I dunno...back up? Someone had to pull you outta the way in case they decided to keep going."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I have a feeling I'd be the one saving you… again," I retorted with a teasing smirk, catching the faintest blush flicker across Ratt's face before he looked away, suddenly fascinated by the ground.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Anyway, I guess you spared me the inconvenience of tracking you down. I assume you heard about this lost Goron. Do you have any idea where this kid is?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nope…" Ratt shook his head. "But I think I know who to ask. That is, if you want my help."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Hmm…." I put a finger on my chin, pretending to weigh my options. "On one hand, you </span>
      <span class="c35">are</span>
      <span class="c33"> pretty annoying. But on the other, you seem to know what you're doing… Yeah, I guess you can help this time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh come on already!" Tatl loudly interjected, flying in between us. "Get a room, you two, or let's get going! We're wasting daylight!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right. Sorry… enough playing around." I agreed, embarrassed at my own immaturity. "Where do we go, Ratt?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, the Goron said that their kid was stolen by a group of humans, right? I know a place where stolen things have a tendency to turn up. I have to warn you though, it's not exactly the safest place in town…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I highly doubt it'll be more dangerous than I am," I replied, but the words felt strange in my mouth—like I was borrowing someone else's voice. A flicker of doubt passed through me, quickly buried beneath my usual bravado.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yep, we can handle anything you throw at us. You have no idea what we've been through." Tatl nodded, adding her own input.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know, strangely enough I believe you." Ratt conceded, suddenly smiling with enthusiasm. "I gotta say, you two have definitely made my life more exciting!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
