<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_30"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.1iclqc7clrtj">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty-Four</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.kh3zlvstb0k1">
      <span class="c43">Deserted</span>
      <span class="c14">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The sight of immense cliffs and towering stone formations greeted Majora's gaze, the baking heat pressing down on him like a physical weight. The scent of scorched stone and dry, bitter sagebrush filled the air, evoking a wave of sun-bleached memories from his youth. on his return to the land of his ancestors. A cloudless blue sky hung over a sun-blasted wasteland, all without the hint of a breeze to ease the relentless heat pouring from the sun. Despite the harsh landscape, Majora welcomed the familiar surroundings of his childhood and took a deep breath. The scents of dry dust and acrid desert flowers filled his nostrils, and a smile crossed Majora's lips from beneath the dark mask.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Home, sweet home. Almost."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Spotting the faded symbol of a circular, cyan eye that marked the trail to his village, Majora widened his smile and started down the path.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The canyon trail was only a few feet in width, with steep cliffs on either side creating a maze of claustrophobia. Although it was the main road to the village, the path looked as if it hadn't been used in years. Sharp stones from broken cliffsides lay strewn along the road, along with patches of weedy, thorned shrubbery. Cracked and broken sculptures, carved into the cliffsides by the slaves, depicted faceless, yet powerful figures—legendary warriors and ancient sages of Sheikah lore, their features long since worn away by time and neglect.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Fools. All of them," Majora uttered. "No need for the dead to be remembered."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With a wave of his hand, dark energy surged into the rock and obliterated the remains of the carvings, creating a vast cloud of dust within the canyon. The statues wouldn't be the only victims this day. Majora planned a similar fate for his former tribe. All he wanted was strength for his people—he gave them the solution to their problems! The council asked for a tool that rivaled the very essence of the gods, an equal to the Triforce itself. Majora and his acolytes created that power, but what was their reward?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Banishment! Death! Madness!" Majora shouted into the echoing trail, gently caressing the mask he wore. The mask pulsed faintly with a malevolent aura, exuding a subtle, dark residue that shimmered like smoke in the air. It was feeding off his fury, amplifying it. "I created this from my own soul!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The wrathful man marched forward with a determined pace, unfazed by the ocean of dust obscuring his vision. Soon the path cleared and began to incline up a hill. Majora knew he was close; the slave quarters were situated just at the top of this ridge. The Sheikah city lay just beyond, and sweet revenge would soothe Majora's tortured spirit as he tore the high council apart with his bare hands.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Upon reaching the top, Majora was taken aback by complete silence. He looked around at the empty huts and broken architecture, a stark contrast to the once lush and thriving quarters. There was no life whatsoever. The state of the area almost appeared as if a revolt took place long ago, but how? The slaves were utterly devoted to their Sheikah masters, who were revered as gods. No, it was impossible! Gerudo were foolish and simple, but not so much as to risk the wrath of True Sheikah magic. Something else must have happened. Majora ran down the path to his former village. This road should have been swarming with people.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Impossible! Did they know I was coming?" Majora gasped as fury rose within him. "Curse them! Curse them all!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Sure enough, the entire village was deserted, just as desolate as the slave quarters. As he dashed past buildings toward the high council chambers, Majora met the same stillness that seemed to haunt the entire region. Not only was this formerly bustling village devoid of people, but it was completely stripped of resources. The only remaining sign of civilization was bare, ruined infrastructure.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No. No it cannot be. Gone... all gone." Majora collapsed to his knees on the cracked, lifeless ground, his breath catching in his throat as a tidal wave of grief and fury crashed over him. The sun above seemed to burn with cruel indifference, and his fingers dug into the dusty soil as if trying to anchor himself to a world that had betrayed him. The mask began to exude that same oily shadow, hungrily drinking in his anguish and radiating a low thrum of dark energy. "They cannot escape me. I will find them! Rrrraaaaagghhh!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A violent shriek escaped Majora's throat as he allowed his body to be overtaken by pure malice. Cold, shadowy energy seeped from his body and extended outwards. Rocks and pebbles floated into the air as ethereal darkness covered the area, creeping up the walls of the surrounding buildings. The very air itself began to vibrate and hum with power. Finally, the dark energy reached the perimeter of the town, and Majora closed his eyes, unleashing his will into the earth. The entirety of the ruins was instantly vaporized in a single deafening, catastrophic explosion, and Majora lost consciousness as the wave of pure darkness washed over him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri was a young Gerudo huntress-in-training and often came to the Cliffs of Despair for practice. Prey was scarce here, which made the challenge even greater, and more fun. She had done this run many times with her mother, but this was the first time Narri came by herself. It was the first of many coming-of-age trials that the young Gerudo would face, and she was shaking with nervous anticipation at proving herself worthy of adulthood.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri hunkered down at the base of a rock upon seeing the fresh tracks of a coyote, her keen eyes narrowing with practiced focus. Though still considered young, she had spent countless hours tracking desert prey alongside her mother and sisters, learning to interpret even the faintest impressions in the dust. The spacing, depth, and freshness of the prints told her the animal had passed through moments ago—and it was alone. Her pulse quickened at the thought of proving her skill without guidance for the first time. Using the sensing techniques her mother had taught her, Narri removed the silk bandana covering her face and closed her eyes to "feel" the desert. The blistering heat of the noontime sun, arid breeze, rustling of the sun-bleached grass—and for some reason a peculiar sense of uneasiness throughout the entire area. The huntress opened her eyes to search around. Something was wrong, but she did not know what. She tried to sort the strange feeling out, until a flash of gray fur darting behind a boulder caught Narri's attention.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The coyote!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri repositioned her bandana over her face to muffle her excited breathing. This was her chance! She crept closer to the opposite side of the boulder, carefully balancing each step to remain silent. Taking up a loose pebble in her left hand and hoisting her spear in the right, Narri prepared her strike. Just before she threw the pebble to startle her prey out of hiding, a massive explosion rocked the earth and not only threw Narri to the ground but caused the coyote to flee in terror. Narri lifted her head to see a bright purple flash of light rise into the sky below the old ruins just before a cloud of dust swept over the cliffs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Shaken, a bit terrified, yet angry at losing her prey, the young Gerudo stood to her feet and began walking through the thick blanket of dust to investigate the explosion. Her great-grandnana had told Narri and her sisters stories of the ancient ruins where their gods dwelt on earth. Of how the Gerudo were faithful servants and were granted a peaceful life free of thirst and starvation. Some Gerudo were even taught how to use the shadow magic that the gods often wielded. That was before a huge war was waged on the sacred lands of Hyrule, when her great-grandnana was a small child. The Hylian gods must have been victorious, since no one had seen or heard anything from the old gods for nearly a century. But why was there activity here now? Had the gods returned at last? Curious, Narri made the hike to the ruins.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The sun was nearly to the horizon by the time Narri reached the edge of the ruins. The fog of dust had settled into a slight haze, so the huntress could see what awaited her. A vast crater stretched before Narri where the ancient ruins once were. Sinuous markings within the crater snaked toward the epicenter of the devastation, where the Gerudo saw a faint humanoid figure. Narri quickly rushed to the fallen being, sliding and hopping down the walls of the depression to see if it was alright, or at least worthy of looting. The coyote was a good prize, but the possibilities of this creature being related to the old gods was historical. Her people would recognize her as an adult for sure, and then she could at last explore the world on her own!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">When Narri arrived at the center, she was surprised to find an odd masked man lying unconscious. The tendril-like markings etched into the rock seemed to emanate from him like rays of winding light. Narri bent down to see if he was alive, her heart pounding with a mix of awe and apprehension. Could this truly be one of the old gods her great-grandnana spoke of? A sense of reverence and ambition welled up within her—if she brought back proof, her place in Gerudo society would be secured. With trembling fingers, she searched the torn clothing for any valuables.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmm… Nothing. Maybe this mask will be worth something."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri spoke to herself as she reached toward the odd, heart-shaped mask. However, as soon as she touched the cold wood, the man's hand shot up and grasped her arm in a vice-like grip. Narri screeched in pain and fear as the grip tightened, nearly crushing her bones.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What are you doing, slave?" the masked man spoke.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oww, ow, ow I-I was just checking to, owww, see if you were unhurt?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Lies!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri suddenly flew several meters and crashed to the ground. Her spear had fallen quite a distance away, but she couldn't leap up to retrieve it as she was held down by some unseen force. The masked man rose from the ground and was standing over her in the blink of an eye.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Are you... a god?" Narri gasped in pain, struggling to move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"To you I am, slave," the man stated imperiously. "You may be of use to me. What happened to my home?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Your... urgh... home? You lived here? Auuuughh!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri shrieked as a flash of purple shot toward her, severing her left ear and slicing the silk bandana from her face. The man slouched as he dropped his radiating hand, clearly weakened by something.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You… should be grateful I'm in a gracious mood today. Your kind must have forgotten how to behave. From now on you will address me as 'Master,' and speak only when I give you permission. Now, I'll ask again. What happened to my home?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I-l-l don't know, uh...m-master! The gods disappeared almost a century ago! I'm sorry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"A century? You don't happen to know where, do you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, I don't know anything except for the stories my great-grandnana told!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Majora glared at the quivering slave girl in contempt. Such an impudent creature, speaking to him as an equal. Even in his weakened state caused by his uncontrolled outburst, Majora was far stronger than this worm. She was definitely of the Gerudo though, with tanned skin, scarlet hair, and a well-muscled body suited for hard labor. Yet Majora had no use for a slave—what he needed was information and a safe place to recover his energy. This girl could take him to her home to rest, and perhaps to one of the slaves who knew the cause of his people's disappearance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmm. You will take me to your village to see your elder."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes! I can do that, but my great-grandnana is—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Silence," Majora interrupted, shooting a tiny bolt of energy into Narri's arm. "You will remember to hold your tongue, or you will lose it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Aghh aghhh! Yes, m-master!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Majora gestured at the desperate Gerudo to rise off the ground, removing the unseen magic bindings. Narri immediately flung one hand to her bleeding head while searching for her severed ear. Majora kicked the girl harshly in the calves and motioned for her to move on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Forward, slave."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Narri tearfully obeyed, every step a struggle against the trembling in her legs. Her vision blurred with tears and the sharp sting of pain in her head. She wished with every fiber of her being that she had ignored the explosion and hunted the coyote instead. Her heart ached for the safety of her family—her mother’s strong arms, her sisters’ laughter, the warm light of home. And above all, she clung desperately to one hope: that she would live through this nightmare.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
