<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_11"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.sj2ei91h1z9s">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Fourteen</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.keijay6a5ln9">
      <span class="calibre1">Dawn of the First Day</span>
      <span class="c14">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I pushed open the wooden doors of the Clock Tower after finishing with the Happy Mask Salesman, and took a step into the warm sunlight, breathing deeply the fresh morning air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">It smelled right, crisp with dew, faintly sweet from baking bread, and tinged with the earthy scent of damp stone warmed by the sun... but it felt </span>
      <span class="c16">wrong</span>
      <span class="c8">. My body still braced for chaos—muscles taut, eyes flicking to the rooftops as if expecting fire to rain down again. The stillness was unnatural after everything we’d just survived. Even the birdsong felt out of place, like an instrument playing too soon after a funeral.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I swallowed the tension and forced my shoulders to relax. The square had returned to its ordinary rhythm as if the world hadn’t nearly ended hours ago. Birds warbled overhead, flitting between rooftops gilded by golden sunlight. The plaza, so recently wrapped in fire and despair, now shimmered with color and warmth. Children laughed somewhere down a nearby alley, and the hammering of carpenters echoed across the square as the construction crew—now completely unbothered—dutifully repaired the scaffolding they had abandoned in panic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I watched a woman sweep the front step of a bakery, unaware her world had been destroyed and rewoven around her. A musician tuned his instrument on the corner. The sky was spotless... perfect even.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">It was unsettling at first... but I felt unshakable. Alive. My boots gripped the cobblestones with purpose. My shoulders squared, tunic shifting with every step like it knew how I moved. For the first time in what felt like years, I wasn't afraid. The world could burn again and I’d be ready. The bright ball of fairydust beside me, however, looked anything but assured...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait a second... what are they still doing here?" Tatl asked, flicking anxiously in the air beside me. "Don’t these people even know what happened?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Hrmmm... I think the only ones who notice time travel are the ones who </span>
      <span class="c16">make</span>
      <span class="c8"> it happen," I said with a confident smirk and a shrug. My voice felt right in my chest. Solid. Grounded. "Or something like that. Someone explained it to me once. I couldn't follow it. The whole thing sounded more like philosophy than magic."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl, the ever-sarcastic little wisp who once hovered around me like a thorn in my side—sharp, jumpy, and never short on complaints—floated beside me now with a strange stillness. Her usual stingers of wit were gone, replaced by a thoughtful hum, as if she finally understood the weight I carried. We weren’t just allies anymore. We were partners. She wouldn’t say it, not yet—but I could feel the shift.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">We had spoken to the Mask Salesman, and as strange and theatrical as he was, he knew things. Deep things. Dangerous things. He told us the truth about Skull Kid’s mask—how it didn’t just manipulate despair, it </span>
      <span class="c16">fed</span>
      <span class="c8"> on it. Every broken heart in Termina was fuel for that cursed thing, and Skull Kid had become more shadow than child.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We couldn’t fight that with swords or bravado. We had to heal the wounds of the world itself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">That’s when he taught us the song.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A strange, haunting melody meant to soothe cursed spirits. And it had worked—though not in the way I expected. When I played it, something inside me shifted. My soul was split—sealed into a mask shaped like the person I used to be. The man. The warrior. The legend.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Now, I wear him like armor. The Hero of Time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">And truthfully? It felt </span>
      <span class="c16">good</span>
      <span class="c15">. My stride was sure, my voice steady, my instincts sharp. I didn’t flinch from shadows anymore—I </span>
      <span class="c16">welcomed</span>
      <span class="c8"> them. If this mask was a lie, it was one I could live with. Because when I looked ahead, I saw a road that would demand blood and resolve, not softness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">So here we were, back at the start—Clock Town bathed in gold, its cobblestone streets echoing with the casual clamor of a world reset. The towering Clock Tower loomed above, elegant and ageless, as if daring time to challenge it again. Sunlight spilled over the plaza, washing away the chill left by the Salesman's haunting smile and cryptic warnings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, Link," Tatl buzzed at my side, her wings catching the light. "What do we do now?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I tilted my head up toward the clear sky, where the moon once hung like a blade. Now it was distant again—innocuous, expressionless...just a hunk of space rock. The people below had no idea how close they'd come.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Not sure," I answered, my baritone confident and amused. The Hero’s Mask felt perfect, like an old uniform fitting better than ever. "Your turf, not mine. You’re the expert here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl twirled thoughtfully in the air, tapping her tiny fingers to her chin. "Anju, maybe? She always seemed to know stuff."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I winced at the name. I remembered her kindness... and I remembered leaving her behind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No," I said flatly. "She wouldn’t recognize us anyway. We're the only ones carrying the memory of what happened. Let's not add to any more confusion than is already in this town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl rolled her eyes, mimicking the Salesman's singsong tone. "Well then, where do we go, </span>
      <span class="c16">young hero</span>
      <span class="c8">?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I chuckled and nodded toward a group of guards up the street. Sunlight glinted off their armor as they marched lazily across the plaza, clearly more bark than bite. Perfect.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Time to introduce myself," I muttered with a cocky grin. I signaled Tatl and strode forward with purpose. My boots struck the stones with a reassuring rhythm. Sword at my side, shield at my back—I looked every bit the part.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Gentlemen!" I boomed, loud enough to command their attention. "I hear there’s trouble in this land. I’m new here, sure—but I’m no tourist. I’m a warrior, and I came to help. So—where’s the fire?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The portliest of them raised an eyebrow before letting out a snort. "Ooooh, look out lads! We’ve got ourselves a hero! Wahahaha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The others burst into laughter, loud and stupid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Just because you’ve got some shiny gear and a talking glowbug doesn’t make you anything special!" the ringleader jeered, wiping a tear from his eye. "Go home, kid. We’ve got real soldiers on this side of the wall."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My hand angrily reached toward my sword. I barely reached the man's shoulder, but I didn’t need height to carve through arrogance. He wasn’t a soldier—he was a clown dressed in hand-me-down armor. I could end this entire conversation with a single swing. Tatl, quick as ever, darted in front of me and grabbed the steel brace of my gauntlet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What are you doing?!" she hissed, wings buzzing with tension. "I thought you wanted to help people, not get tossed in a dungeon! There's more of them than us, genius!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hahaha! Better listen to your tiny friend, kid! Now get out of our sight before we actually throw you in jail for threatening us... and mocking the law!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I met their laughter with a slow, controlled glare. I could’ve humiliated all of them in five seconds flat. But Tatl was right. I was here to save this world, not beat up its idiots. I stomped away, letting the stomp of my boots echo with restrained fury.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So, all the town guards here are about as useful as a wet paper knife," I muttered, brushing bits of hay that had drifted from one of the carts off my tunic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl zipped around to my side. "Seriously, what was </span>
      <span class="c16">that</span>
      <span class="c8">? You just marched up to them like a cocky sword boy looking for a duel. Who even are you right now?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I dunno," I shrugged, flashing a lopsided grin. "Just... feels good to be me again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Well, tone it down, hero. You're starting to sound like one of </span>
      <span class="c16">them</span>
      <span class="c8">. Maybe that mask’s making you act all puffed up."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Nah, it’s fine," I replied, waving her off. "I just gotta get used to feeling this strong again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl narrowed her eyes but let it go. "Alright then, what now? The guards are clearly useless."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah. Time to think."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"The Great Fairy maybe?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Not unless she’s relocated from that park. That place and I aren’t exactly on good terms," I grumbled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shifted off toward a quiet corner near a crooked mailbox by a crumbling stairway. A flicker of yellow and blue flashed from the alley nearby—something darting away. I ignored it. The world could wait a second.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I leaned on the mailbox, the sun glinting off its worn red exterior. "Healing the hearts and souls of the land"—what the hell was that supposed to mean? I needed direction, not riddles.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A small kid wearing a yellow Keaton mask brushed past me. He had sky-blue hair and carried himself like someone with a mission. He paused, stood on tiptoe, and slipped a pristine letter into the mailbox slot. I barely glanced at him. Just another piece in this strange, ticking town.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Back during my previous adventure in Hyrule, it seemed the path had always been lit ahead of me. All I had to do was listen to Navi—my, at the time, very annoying fairy companion—who thankfully had returned to the Kokiri Forest once her work was done. As shrill and irksome as she was, the blue pixie had always known exactly where to go next.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl, on the other hand, seemed just as lost as I was. Still, if given the choice, I’d take her over Navi any day. Abrasive sarcasm was easier to stomach than the constant barrage of "Hey! Look! Listen!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">With no other leads to chase, I finally gave in to Tatl’s earlier suggestion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I've got nothing... I guess we can go talk to Anju," I muttered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The boy in the yellow Keaton mask gasped and bolted into the alley at the mention of her name. Something about him prickled at the edge of my memory—but it slipped away before I could grab it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"See??" Tatl huffed, floating just above my shoulder. "You should've just listened to me from the start."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Whatever. Let's move. I'd rather get to where we’re needed before it’s too late."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pffft. Too late? You can bend time now, remember? We’ve got all the time in the world."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"That’s exactly why we shouldn’t waste it," I said. "Time is dangerous. You can’t just rewind the world forever without consequences. If you mess with it too much, it </span>
      <span class="c16">breaks</span>
      <span class="c8">."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait... seriously?" Tatl’s tone shifted from teasing to curious. "How do you even know that? You don’t look old enough to know how to shave, let alone time travel."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I smiled wryly. "I’ve got stories. Just not ones I feel like reliving. I came here to forget that part of my life... but I guess trouble follows me like a shadow."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I’ve noticed," Tatl said, more gently this time. "So let me get this straight. You ran from all of it—war, destiny, trauma—and wound up back in the thick of it anyway? Transformed and everything?" She buzzed closer, her glow dimmer, more reflective. "That’s... rough. Hero work sounds like a curse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn’t answer right away. The rising sun painted long shadows behind the rooftops and fences, and the scent of fresh bread mixed with smoke drifted through the cobbled street. Bells chimed faintly in the distance as stalls opened for the day.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It is a curse sometimes," I said. "But it’s also a duty. I didn’t choose this life. But maybe it chose me. And if it did, then I have to carry it, whether I like it or not."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered beside me, quiet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"For what it's worth," she finally said, her voice softer than I’d ever heard it, "I think you’re one of the strongest people I’ve ever met. And I don’t mean because of your sword. I mean... just </span>
      <span class="c16">you</span>
      <span class="c8">. The way you keep going."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And as the two of us continued on through the awakening streets—through the noise and color and clamor—I realized something. Tatl wasn’t just a guide, she was a companion...one who saw more than she let on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And for now... that was enough.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">By the time we fought our way through the jostling crowds to the Stock Pot Inn, the sun blazed directly overhead, casting stark, golden light across the cobblestones. The moon still looked deceptively normal—its silver face soft and full above the rooftops—but a wrongness clung to it, subtle at first. As we walked, the expression seemed to shift ever so slightly, like a trick of the eye. The curve of a frown. The suggestion of eyes too deep, too knowing. It loomed a bit larger now, and a smoky haze began to gather at its edges like breath on glass. But no one looked up. Laughter and music filled the air as merchants hawked glittering wares and children darted beneath the legs of distracted shoppers. The festival clung to the town like a fevered dream, blinding everyone to the end creeping ever closer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Each person I nudged past felt heavier than the last. My boots dragged, thudding dully against the uneven stone as if the weight of the world were pulling me down. My breath grew shorter, and the smell of roasted meat, perfume, and sweat churned my stomach. By the time we reached the inn’s battered oak door, I was stumbling, half-draped over it for support. I pressed my forehead against the sun-warmed wood, blinking hard to stop the street from spinning. My fingers fumbled at the doorknob, and then the dizziness won. I doubled over, knees nearly buckling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link! What's wrong? Are you ok?!" Tatl’s voice pierced the noise, her glow flaring with urgency. "Wait...wait—your mask! You have to take it off, remember? The salesman warned you not to wear it for too long!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her words hit like a bucket of ice. In the rush of familiarity—of feeling whole again—I’d completely forgotten. The mask. My supposed return to self. But this body was a lie, one that fed on my spirit. My breath came in ragged bursts as I staggered sideways to brace against the cool stone wall, my gauntleted hand leaving a smear of sweat on the surface.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I could feel the tremor in my limbs, the way my heart raced too fast, too shallow. My strength was ebbing—siphoned away, moment by moment—just to keep the mask’s illusion alive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Come on! You have to remove the mask!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I looked around, I couldn't change here. There were too many witnesses, and with my luck I would be burned at the stake for shape shifting if I was seen. "I...I can't...take it off here in..the open, Tatl!" I gasped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well..umm...ok..." Tatl glanced around for a hiding place, then pointed, "There! Through that alley!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She gestured to the narrow gap we had leapt over the previous morning, and I nodded wearily, slowly shambling towards the corridor. The few citizens who saw me laughed, thinking I was probably drunk. Tatl and I ignored them as I entered the shaded alley and I collapsed to the dirty, stone ground. I fought to move my armored gauntlets to my face. I managed to roll onto my back, and began to tug on my cheeks, hoping that the magical mask would pull free.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As I tugged at the mask’s edge, I felt my skin resist—like it didn’t want to let go. My vision doubled and then fractured like shattered glass, each shard humming with memories not entirely mine. My fingers felt like they were digging into warm wax, peeling back something alive and reluctant. Then—snap!—the mask came free, and with it, a breathless rush of cold air and physical collapse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c31">
      <span class="c8">A pulse of searing heat surged through my chest, and I doubled over with a strangled gasp. My bones crunched inward, not breaking, but rearranging—like an invisible sculptor was molding clay with impatient hands. My armor clanked loosely against shrinking shoulders. My lungs seized for air, my breath hitching as my ribcage narrowed and my voice broke into something higher, softer, laced with panic and shame.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c32">
      <span class="c8">The change rippled outward... hair spilling like spilled ink down my neck, fingers tapering, hips flaring, a sickening swirl of motion in my gut that wasn’t pain so much as displacement. I could feel the curve of my breasts swell again beneath my tunic, the fabric stretching taut over the form I hadn’t yet accepted. A wave of helplessness clung to my skin like sweat. Then it was over. I was smaller, fragile, trembling—and unmistakably her again. My clothes even began to shimmer and transform right along with me! A few seconds later the transformation was over, and I heaved in deep breaths of air, feeling the unfortunate weight of breasts upon my chest again. I sat against the wall, chest rising and falling rapidly. My hands trembled as I brushed tangled bangs from my eyes...eyes that felt wider now, more vulnerable. I swallowed down the ache in my throat and stared at the mask lying on the ground beside me. It glinted in the light like a cruel joke, silent and inert. I didn’t know whether to be grateful for it… or afraid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ughhh... </span>
      <span class="c16">gasp</span>
      <span class="c15">...if it's going to be like this every time...</span>
      <span class="c16">huff</span>
      <span class="c8">...then I'm really going to consider keeping the mask on," I groaned, my voice now unmistakably soft—gently pitched, with that haunting lilt I still wasn’t used to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I pushed myself up with trembling arms, feeling the familiar tightness of my body return—feminine, compact, curved. I looked down and adjusted my tangled forest green cloak, pulling it behind me with a frustrated tug. My form-fitting dark brown tunic hugged close to my now-supple frame, cinched at the waist by the leather belt I had almost forgotten I wore. The tight black pants stretched snugly over my hips and thighs, now smaller but unmistakably shaped. The chill of the stone beneath my deerskin boots had crept through me—how long had I been lying there?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I grumbled, brushing a clump of dried alley grit from my thigh and leaning down to pluck the Hero’s Mask from the dirt. It felt heavier now. Not in weight, but in meaning. I held it for a beat too long before sighing and tucking it behind my belt on my right hip, as far from my heart as I could manage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I can't say I blame you. That looked like it really hurt," Tatl said gently, her voice quieter than usual. "I don't envy your position one bit. Umm... no offense."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Gee, thanks..." I muttered, brushing my crimson bangs from my eyes. The strands were longer again—thick and soft, clinging to my cheeks. Everything about me was soft now, inside and out. I hated how easy it had become to move in this form. Hated that my body knew what to do before I did.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Let's just go," I mumbled, voice edged with weariness. "Listening to me whine won't get us anywhere."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shuffled out of the shaded alleyway and into the midday glow. Warm air hit my skin like silk. A breeze fluttered the hem of my cloak and cooled the sweat at my neck. Just ahead, the Stock Pot Inn's familiar wooden door rose into view like the promise of rest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But before I could reach it, a troupe of circus performers and street dancers turned the corner in a lively swarm of silk and tambourines. They flooded the square in a kaleidoscope of color and laughter, blocking the entrance as they queued in a snaking line, chattering excitedly about their performances.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stopped, letting out a sigh through my nose.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh come on!" Tatl yelled. "That's just rude!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh! My apologies, ladies!" One of the colorful performers turned and bowed with exaggerated grace, his voice dripping with theatrical charm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Please do excuse our frightful rudeness. The others are a bit grumpy, you see!" An almost exact replica of the first performer offered a mirrored bow, his tone equally flamboyant. "You may surely go ahead of us, if you like?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The performers were identical twins, unmistakable not just in appearance but in spirit. Each had a thick, bushy brown mustache that curled at the ends like the flourishes of a calligrapher’s pen. They wore extravagant jester costumes adorned with diamond patterns, puffy sleeves, and layered collars that wobbled with every movement. Their pointy cloth shoes curled upward at the toes, ending in golden bells that jingled with every exaggerated gesture.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">One brother was clad primarily in crimson with sapphire trim, the other in deep azure with crimson accents. Their silk hats sagged under the weight of more bells, swaying with each bounce of their heads. Shocks of flat brown hair jutted out from beneath their caps like awkward feathers, and both had the same twinkling blue eyes—eyes that held mischief, but also a surprising depth of warmth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Slung from their belts were pouches of juggling balls in every color imaginable. With a practiced flourish, they each pulled two balls into their palms and began juggling in synchronized rhythm, tossing and catching in perfect unison. The bright orbs glittered as they spun through the air, catching sunlight like jewels. Onlookers cheered from behind them, clapping in time with the acrobatic display.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm...sure? Why not." I nodded. "Are you guys here for the carnival?" I had almost forgotten about the annual festival.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes, as a matter of fact we are!" One twin declared with a flourish, spinning a juggling ball on his fingertip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Although I doubt we'll be staying long..." The other twin stuck a thumb up, gesturing to the sky. The moon high above had begun to shift again—its once calm, silvery surface slowly warping into grotesque animation. Cracks formed along its surface like splitting porcelain, revealing the cursed face beneath: wide, sunken eyes full of menace and a snarling, lipless grin that seemed to stretch across the sky. Its gaze bore down on the town like a wrathful god's judgment. "That little man in the moon seems to be a bit cranky today! Hohoho!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You could almost say this only happens once in a blue moon! Ohohoho!" The juggler dressed in blue chuckled, juggling three brightly-colored orbs that sparkled in the light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl and I shrugged at each other, neither one of us finding the joke funny.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, but did you hear about the swamp?" The red juggler asked, leaning in with mock secrecy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh no?" I braced myself for another horrible joke. "What about the swamp?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"They say there was a kidnapping!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh my, a kidnapping? Did they catch the culprit?!" The blue juggler gasped dramatically, hands thrown to his cheeks.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, because the kid woke up! Aaaahahahaha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The twins erupted into hysterical laughter, clutching their sides and nearly dropping their juggling balls. I rolled my eyes and groaned, while Tatl planted a tiny glowing palm against her face in absolute disgust.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ahaha! I slay myself! Ohohoho!" the red juggler wheezed, kicking his curled shoe in glee.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"With jokes like that, you could also slay the horrifying monster that's haunting the swamp! Haha!" the blue juggler cackled, spinning on his heel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl perked up, her wings flickering with sudden interest. "Wait...are you guys still joking? Or is there seriously trouble in the swamp?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"By my stubble, I'd say there was double trouble poison bubbles! Hohoho!" Red sang, throwing a juggling ball skyward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Both Tatl and I groaned in unison, loud and exasperated, turning away to spare ourselves from further auditory punishment. The line into the inn had finally begun to move, and I silently prayed we'd be inside before another pun found its way into the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait wait! We're sorry, truly we are!" the twins confessed in perfect chorus. They somersaulted in unison and landed with hands pressed together in apology. "It's just that we're entertainers, you see—bringing laughter is our solemn vow!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Except no one really finds us funny..." Red admitted, his shoulders sagging as one of his juggling balls slipped and rolled away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Tis truth," Blue nodded, managing to catch his before it hit the ground. His voice turned more serious as his eyes darted toward the eastern horizon. "But despite our buffoonery, there really is danger in the swamplands."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Danger indeed," Red added gravely. "The waters are sick, the creatures twisted. People vanish without a trace. Even the wind feels heavier there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">
        The blue juggler's face darkened as he leaned forward. "Something ancient stirs in the murk. The locals whisper of shadows with teeth, of spirits gone mad. It’s not just superstition anymore."
        <br class="calibre"/>
        The two of them shivered in unison, I couldn't tell if it was genuine or just to add to their theatrics.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait a tic!" Blue suddenly exclaimed, snapping the moment. "That’s a fine-looking bow on your back! Are you a hunter? Or an adventurer perhaps?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I reached instinctively for the bow, the polished blue wood cool beneath my fingers. I had nearly forgotten it was there—so light and perfectly balanced, the Great Fairy's gift felt like an extension of my will.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ooo, maybe she can slay the monster!" Blue quipped, resuming a gentle juggling pattern as he circled with glee.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Oh yes! Then perhaps we could travel to the Deku Kingdom like we were supposed to do in the first place!" Red rejoiced, spinning dramatically. "No one seems to care how hard we work when we're in Clock Town... always laughing at us, never </span>
      <span class="c16">with</span>
      <span class="c8"> us."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered close to my ear. "They’re strange… but I think they’re being honest now. Maybe the swamp is where we need to go next."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded quietly, casting one last glance at the twins, who now juggled with practiced sorrow. Their painted smiles didn’t quite reach their eyes anymore.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl drifted close, her glow dim and purposeful, nudging my left arm with the back of her wings. "I think that's what we needed, Link. Now let’s get a move on before they notice we’re gone!" she whispered, not wanting to risk another pun assault.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But we weren’t fast enough.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ah, Link!" Blue suddenly called, locking eyes with me and giving a theatrical bow. "What an... </span>
      <span class="c16">interesting</span>
      <span class="c8"> name for a pretty little ranger such as yourself!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl audibly groaned and slapped a glowing palm over her face. "You’ve </span>
      <span class="c16">got</span>
      <span class="c8"> to be kidding me..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm... thanks? I guess?" I replied, my voice flat and cautious. I began inching away, throwing on the politest smile I could muster. "Look, guys, we really need to get going. But thanks for the tip. Seriously—that was helpful."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh sure, no problem!" they chimed in perfect chorus. “Though you know, a tip might be—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn’t wait to find out what their tip might be. I took off mid-sentence, sprinting through the bustling crowd before they could weaponize another punchline. Tatl zipped after me with a grateful sigh, weaving through the air like an arrow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Once we rounded the corner and put a few buildings between us and the jugglers, I stopped to catch my breath and leaned against the side of a flower shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Okay… </span>
      <span class="c16">whew</span>
      <span class="c8">... at least we know where we’re going now. Where’s the nearest gate to the swamp?" I asked, still panting slightly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">Tatl huffed, hovering with her arms crossed in mock indignation. "Oh </span>
      <span class="c16">sure</span>
      <span class="c8">, just dash off and leave me to suffer with the court jesters! If I had to hear one more awful joke, I’d have chucked myself into a well."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I smirked and brushed a crimson strand of hair behind my ear. "Hey, I figured you’d be right behind me. No need to get all grumpy!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You’re lucky I like you," she muttered, but there was no heat in her words—only relief. "But yes, the gate to the swamp should be over on the south end of town. It was that gate nearest to the Star Chamber. You know where to go from here, right?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm still not entirely familiar with this city." I shrugged. "I think it'd be best if you led the way again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, but you're gonna pay for leaving me behind like that, hehe!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl zipped ahead like a mischievous spark, darting between vendor stalls and colorful awnings with the giddy vengeance of a fairy who knew how to make me chase. I took off after her, weaving through the bustling crowd of townsfolk and ducking under clotheslines and banners strung across the street. The morning sun gleamed off the cobblestones, the scent of roasted nuts and fresh linen swirling in the air. A group of musicians played a jaunty tune in the plaza nearby, and a child ran past me with a bright ribbon trailing in her hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was just getting my rhythm when Tatl suddenly stopped midair at a sharp turn near a flower stall, her wings frozen mid-flutter. I skidded to a halt, nearly bumping into her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her glow had dimmed, pulsing softly in a rhythm that suggested unease. "Did you hear that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hear what?" I asked, glancing around at the morning bustle.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She tilted her head. "I swear I thought I heard someone call for help... it was faint, but it came from that alley up ahead."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The joy of the festival melted from my thoughts as I followed her gaze. The alley beyond the archway lay in shadow, quiet and oddly still. A hush lingered there that didn’t match the rest of the street’s energy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"C'mon, let’s go see! Maybe you’ll get to be a hero here after all!" Tatl teased, but her voice carried a thread of urgency.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Without another word, she shot forward, disappearing into the gloom.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And with a quiet sigh and the echo of bootsteps at my back, I dashed after her yet again...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
