<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_16"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.54e02fnocg60">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.bx01g8rnu7xb">
      <span class="c14">Monkey Business</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c38">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
      <span class="c33">The stone pathway was fairly simple to follow, compared to the rest of the swamp's trails. I felt a nervous urgency pulse through me with each step, allowing me to make excellent headway. Rays of morning light danced through the pale mists as the sun slowly rose over the treetops, but despite the calm morning I knew there was little time to waste. The northern skies were almost completely blocked by the moon, its face glaring pure hatred at the world below.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A faint tremor rumbled in the distance, warning of the doom and destruction soon to come. Worse still, my mask was missing, and if I didn't find it soon I feared that all hope of ever returning to normal would be lost. Should my mask be destroyed, my spirit would go with it, and I'd be trapped like this forever.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Choosing to focus on the task at hand, I jogged down the path. The soft footfalls of my light boots pattered on the hard rock surface, each step echoing like a heartbeat in the quiet forest. The air was thick with moisture and the tang of loam, and pale beams of light lanced through gaps in the mist-shrouded canopy. Though birds chirped softly in the distance, I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off—like the entire forest was holding its breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I scanned the woods around me for movement, my grip tightening on the bow at my side. I had an unsettling sense that something was watching me from beyond the veil of trees, unseen eyes tracking every step. Still, I pressed on, alert and silent, each motion measured. The gem-studded medallion swinging from my neck—Kotake’s charm—glinted dully in the filtered sunlight. It was supposed to keep Odalwa from hunting me. I prayed the witch had been truthful. I couldn’t fight that thing again—not in my current state.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Eventually, the path ended at the foot of a steep cliff wall. A massive, hollowed-out trunk of a fallen tree lay embedded in the stone, serving as a natural tunnel through the rock barrier. Dense fog rolled from within its dark maw, thick and pale, spilling over gnarled roots like spectral breath. I couldn’t see the far side—it was swallowed by haze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">That same prickle of being watched crept back along my spine. My fingers curled instinctively around the grip of my bow, but I forced myself to move casually. If something was waiting for me, I didn’t want to give it the satisfaction of fear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With a deep breath, I stepped inside.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The tunnel was silent—eerily so. My boots thudded dully on damp wood as I crept forward, every sense on edge. The air smelled like moss and wet bark, and the fog curled around my legs like a living thing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I emerged on the far side into a world blanketed in silver mist. The Shrouded Fens stretched before me, a swamp cloaked in secrecy. The trees here were taller, darker, and seemed to lean in toward one another like conspirators. I could barely see more than a few paces ahead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I understood now why it was called the Shrouded Fens.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Everything here was hidden. And something, I knew, was still watching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shuffled forward, taking care to watch my step, the wet ground muffling my footsteps beneath the thick fog. I squinted into the white haze, trying to make out shapes beyond the immediate blur. A vague rounded silhouette began to take form, dim and uncertain at first, but gradually sharpening into the outline of another hollowed-out tree trunk. The damp wood loomed like a mouth in the mist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stepped through it, waving the fog away with one arm as I passed into the gloom—and froze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was back at the entrance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh great! Another Lost Woods…" I groaned aloud, throwing my hands up. My voice echoed dully, swallowed quickly by the wet air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked up at the sheer cliff face nearby, hoping to spot a path upward where I could get a better view of the surroundings. But before I could move, a soft thud landed just behind me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I spun around, heart lurching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A white monkey stood there, its fur ghostlike against the haze, large black eyes fixed curiously on me. Its little chest heaved with gentle breaths, and for a heartbeat we simply stared at one another.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Then it hopped forward, motioning with its paw toward the trunk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Mmm… This way... follow!" the monkey grunted in a strange, halting voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I blinked. "W-wait! You guys can talk?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes. Follow... mmm," it repeated, then turned and bounded into the tunnel without looking back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Still stunned, I hesitated—then shook off the surprise and broke into a jog. My boots made soft clops along the old wood as I ran. I didn’t want to lose sight of the small creature—not in this swirling white maze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The monkey led me through a series of identical tunnels, each one swallowing us into another fog-drenched passage. The air grew damper, thicker, and the wooden walls echoed with my breath and the faint patter of the monkey’s nimble feet. Between the fog and the twisting corridors, it was a miracle the creature didn’t lose its way.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">After what felt like an endless chase through fog and twisting trunks, we passed through the last tunnel—and suddenly, the miasma lifted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Before us stretched a grove unlike anything I'd seen before. Odd, brightly colored trees burst from the swamp floor, their trunks painted in reds and deep blues that shimmered in the misty light. Their bark looked smooth and velvety, like brushed suede, and large, juicy-looking orange fruit hung from low, swooping branches like lanterns on a festival night. The scent here shifted too—faintly sweet and oddly floral, as if the air itself were laced with nectar.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The monkey scuttled ahead without pause, disappearing behind one of the larger trees. I followed, half-wary, half-curious, until we stopped abruptly before a bizarre, humanoid-shaped shrub.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It looked almost sculpted—too symmetrical to be natural—with leafy arms curved like hips and a knotted, angular face formed from bark and foliage. As I stepped closer, something glittered at the top of the figure: a shiny red gem, embedded like a crown.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And then, the plant moved.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Are you going to stand there all day gawking at me, you twit? Or are you going to help me out here?" the shrub bellowed in a voice both shrill and imperious, its leafy limbs flailing like offended arms.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I staggered back with a yelp. "I… ummm… I’m sorry? What, uh, what do you need? Water?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, you dolt! I’m not a plant!" the creature snapped, rattling with indignation. "Why don’t you do something useful and fetch my sister, Kotake? She’ll know what to do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My brain scrambled to keep up. "Wait. You’re Koume? I guess I should’ve seen that one coming... What happened to you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The foliage shifted as the shrub seemed to deflate with a tired huff. "How did you know my name? I’ve never seen you before!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You mentioned Kotake," I muttered, still staring in disbelief.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Bah, no matter! Some impetuous Skull Kid wearing a mask ambushed me while I was gathering supplies. Caught me off guard. The little devil turned me into a plant! A plant, of all things! Do I look like a geranium to you?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmph, I know how you feel. I've had my fill of Skull Kid and his curses myself... Oh wait!" I blinked, realization striking like lightning, and reached for my ocarina, plucking it from my pouch with trembling hands. "I think I know just what to do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Koume's leafy brow furrowed. "Hey… That instrument right there, somehow it looks... very familiar. Like something I've only dreamed about in—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn’t give her a chance to finish. I brought the ocarina to my lips and began to play the Song of Healing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The first few notes drifted into the grove like wind through reeds—soft, sacred, and strange. The melody shimmered in the heavy air, and the trees themselves seemed to lean in to listen. Koume began to glow, her leafy form pulsing with a pale, ethereal light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The monkey that had guided me screeched in sudden terror, leaping up a tree and vanishing into the canopy with a rustle of leaves. Light burst from Koume’s chest, flaring bright white as the song reached its crescendo.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whaa?! What's going on here?!" Koume shouted, her voice rising in pitch as her body dissolved into golden particles.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The brightness swallowed her, consuming the foliage until it collapsed in on itself like mist in sunlight. Her cries were lost beneath the swelling chords, the grove bathed in a soothing, mystical hum.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As the last note rang out and the light dimmed, Koume reappeared—whole, human, and utterly flabbergasted. Her tiny, wrinkled form stood dazed in the sunlight, mouth agape and robes slightly askew.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I lowered the ocarina and slipped it back into my pouch, exhaling with relief.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Phew... I’m glad that actually worked. Hah!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Koume glanced down at herself, inspecting her hands, her feet, even tugging at a strand of her hair as if confirming it wasn’t made of moss. At her feet lay a Deku-shaped mask—wooden, gnarled, and now lifeless. She kicked it aside with a huff of disdain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Then she whirled on me, hobbling forward on her stubby legs with surprising speed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Who... are you?? Where did you get that instrument?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look… It's a long story. I'm sure if you get back to your sister she'll tell you all about it. But everyone seems to be worried about you… it would probably be best if you let them know you're OK."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh my! You're right, Kotake must be worried sick!" Koume snapped her fingers and a rickety broom appeared in a puff of smoke. "Thank you most graciously, child! Shall I give you a ride back to my sister's shop?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm… no thanks. I've still got something I really need to look for." I politely declined, still aiming to locate my mask before the moon fell.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Meh, suit yourself. Come by the boathouse sometime, I'll give you a free ride on one of my fancier ships." The fiery witch hopped on her broom with a surprisingly agile flip and sped off into the sky, sparks and embers trailing behind her. "Hehehe! Koume is revived!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stood alone again in the strange grove, quiet now except for the rustling leaves and the faint whistle of wind through the red-and-blue trees. I walked toward the mask Koume had kicked aside. A flicker of hesitation tugged at my gut—part awe, part dread. What power still clung to it? What might it do to me if I dared to wear it?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Its features were eerily lifelike: a protruding hollow snout, beady red eyes, and stiff green leaf-like fronds for hair. It looked like a warped Deku face carved out of living wood, expression frozen in wide-eyed surprise. The edges were rough, almost alive, and the whole thing seemed to hum faintly with leftover magic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn’t dare put it on. Not after everything. I’d had my fill of cursed masks.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm...maybe I could ask Kotake to look at this for me," I murmured, slipping the strange mask behind my belt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I turned and made my way back the way I’d come, stepping through the large tunnel, its interior swallowed in a dense, curling mist that clung to my boots and crept along the ground like a living thing. My footsteps echoed faintly within the hollowed trunk, swallowed up almost immediately by the enchanted quiet. As I emerged from the other side at the Fens’ entrance, I let out a sigh and rolled my eyes at the trickery of the woods. The place pulsed with strange magic—it felt like stepping out of a dream that had forgotten its ending.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">But before I could take another step forward, a sudden rustle above made me freeze. Three monkeys sprang down from the trees with acrobatic grace, landing in my path in a tight semicircle. Their fur was damp with dew, and their sharp eyes glittered with recognition. I stumbled back slightly, startled, and instinctively drew my bow, pulling the string taut with a whisper of tension.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No no swordsman! We friends, we friends!" the middle monkey hooted, waving its arms wildly in alarm. Its voice was scratchy but urgent, thick with a jungle dialect that turned vowels into squeaks and consonants into chirps. "No shoot!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My eyes widened. I hesitated a moment, then lowered the bow, letting out a slow breath as I returned the weapon to my back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey… you called me 'swordsman'! How did you know I’m a swordsman?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The monkey bounced on its feet, pointing animatedly. "We see you fight wolves! With mask! You brave. You avenge brother—bold! Eek eek! But you… you be under curse. Swamp curse too… very bad. You here to help us, eh? Yes?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Its speech was garbled, riddled with strange cadence and half-formed grammar, but the meaning came through clearly enough. They’d seen me. They knew more than I’d expected—and perhaps more than they should.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh... yeah, that's right. But... I lost my mask, and I can't defeat that monster without it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh!" The spokesmonkey turned toward the trees and hooted, waving for something to join the group. "We see you drop while you attacked by ancient curse terror! Mmm... We protect!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A large gray monkey, bulkier than the others and nearly as tall as me, lumbered out of the dense underbrush. Cradled carefully in its thick-fingered hands was my mask—its</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">carved features bold and resolute, even beneath a layer of grime. My heart leapt into my throat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You guys... found it?" I gasped, running up to the larger monkey and nearly snatching it from his hands in relief. I let out a cry of joy, clutching the familiar artifact to my chest. "You protected it—for me? Thank you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I bowed low in gratitude, a deep swell of amazement—and a twinge of guilt—tightening in my chest. They hadn’t owed me anything. Yet they’d watched over one of my most precious possessions.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How can I repay your kindness?" I asked, still clutching the mask to my chest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No pay," the spokesmonkey declared with a shake of his head. "We help you defeat terror! We want home tree back! We want prince back! Deku take prince—blame him for missing Deku princess! Help!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The monkey suddenly burst into frantic chatter, the others joining in a synchronized explosion of screeches and tail-thrashing. They leapt and bounded around me in chaotic arcs of fur and sound.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa, whoa, hold it! I’ll help you guys, just quiet down before something hears you!" I shouted over the din, waving my hands above my head to calm them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">At the command of a sharp caw from the leader, the others froze mid-bounce and settled, twitching with barely restrained energy. The lead monkey stepped forward again, his large eyes now filled with quiet sorrow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Prince being held in Deku Palace... south edge of swamp," he said solemnly. "Must hurry now. They punishing prince... very bad."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With that final word, they dashed off, vanishing into the shifting curtain of trees and mist. Though peculiar, the monkeys clearly understood the swamp's dangers far better than most—and they had returned something precious to me. At the very least, I owed them. If their prince was being punished unjustly, I would see him freed. But first, I needed to return to Tatl and check in at Kotake’s shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I glanced up at the sky, the sun now rising higher above the treeline, spilling golden light over the dense canopy. Judging by the angle of its ascent, it was already mid-morning. The brilliant azure sky was a painful contrast to the looming black moon still dominating the northern horizon, a grotesque reminder of the ticking clock above. There wasn’t much time left, and I doubted I could find Odolwa’s lair on foot before the world was crushed beneath that leering celestial face. There had to be a faster way to get around. Some shortcut. Some trick.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sighing, I secured my recovered mask to my belt alongside the strange Deku one, and took off at a steady jog down the stone trail. A quiet sense of triumph bubbled up inside me. I had completed my tasks without losing my life, and I owed that to the strange tribe of monkeys who had protected what I had lost. Without them, I’d have been just another victim swallowed by the swamp’s creeping decay. And if they needed help, well... saving a prince sounded simple enough. The Deku had never posed much of a threat before—not to someone with a shield and decent reflexes. With my mask restored, the odds were finally tilting in my favor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The twisted silhouette of Kotake’s crooked-roof shop came into view as I rounded the final bend. Colorful smoke curled from its chimney like incense from a cauldron, swirling in purples and sickly greens above the treetops. I paused, a mischievous grin curling my lips as I recalled Kotake’s endless jabs and jeers.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Oh, she was going to </span>
      <span class="c35">love</span>
      <span class="c33"> this.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I plucked the Hero’s Mask from my belt and pressed it to my face. The transformation struck like a thunderclap through water—searing heat and icy tension wrapping around my frame as my muscles writhed, bones grinding into new shapes, sinew pulling tight across a form not wholly mine. I gasped, my vision flashing white for a breathless moment as the magic scalded through every nerve.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It was painful—always—but familiar now. Almost comforting. Like slipping into a battle-worn coat that still bore the scent of home.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As the shift settled, I blinked against the sharp clarity of my restored senses. Colors seemed deeper. Edges more defined. Strength returned to my limbs like a tide rolling in.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stepped up onto the platform, boots thudding softly against the planks, and climbed the creaking ladder two rungs at a time. The scent of moss, smoke, and potion oil drifted from the crooked little house ahead, curling through the morning air like old secrets.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Still smirking—half from triumph, half from the mischief I planned—I reached for the handle and pushed the door open.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm back!" I gruffly called into the hut. "Where's Tatl?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Koume and Kotake were in the middle of a conversation when I thudded through the door, and both shrieked at the sight of me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's him... the Hero, Kotake! He found us, what now?!" Koume panicked, backing up against the back wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No wait! It's an illusion, or a spirit!" Kotake snapped, eyes narrowing with suspicion. "The hero was transformed into some petulant girl! Should we banish this ghost into oblivion?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, let's finish it quickly! The mere sight of it will haunt my dreams tonight!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Koume burst into flame, heat rippling off her form in waves of shimmering distortion, while Kotake became encased in mobile frost, jagged shards skating over her arms as she raised them. I quickly raised my hands, waving them frantically.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey hey! Wait, it's me! Do you want to destroy your hom—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Too late. Their twin spells collided midair, forming a cyclone of elemental force that slammed into my chest like a battering ram. The impact knocked the wind from my lungs and flung me backward into the closed door, which rattled against its hinges.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A searing pain spread through my ribs as I crumpled, the Hero's mask dislodging from my face mid-fall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And then—</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The change hit me like an explosion inward. My limbs shrank, bones twisting and reshaping with sickening cracks. Muscles contorted, pulled taut like strings, then released in shuddering relief. My torso cinched inward; hips flared with a sharp crack. My voice cracked into a short, strangled gasp as the last remnants of my former shape rebounded into something smaller, rounder—feminine yet again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I lay face-down, fingers trembling against the cool wooden flooring, gasping as the storm inside my body quieted. The mask rolled across the floor, coming to rest beside me, its surface glinting dully in the firelight. My tunic had ridden up in the blast, and my now-smaller frame left me swimming in its folds. A draft crept up my thighs as I weakly tried to tug it back down.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, Koume! Look, it's not a ghost. Hold your fire, you twit!" Kotake yelled out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"It was only… </span>
      <span class="c35">gasp</span>
      <span class="c33">... a joke!" </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I wheezed, trying to sit up as my voice cracked into a familiar feminine tone again. I paused, blinking. The pain wasn't nearly as bad from the transformation this time—just a flicker of heat in my chest, a soft pop of pressure in my hips. That flicker of unease returned. Was I... getting used to this? I looked to the mask that had fallen beside me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"And how… </span>
      <span class="c35">pant</span>
      <span class="c33">... did you knock my mask off?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Koume extinguished herself with a dramatic puff of steam, peering at me like I was a curiosity pinned in a display case.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"What in all the sacred springs... Kotake, did we hit him so hard he changed species?!" Koume squawked. "He’s a girl now! A </span>
      <span class="c35">girl</span>
      <span class="c33">! Spirits and shadows, that’s a first even for me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I told you that wasn’t a spirit, you daft cucumber," Kotake snapped, thumping Koume on the head with her mixing stick.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ow! Don’t smack me with that thing! The real Hero couldn’t possibly be here, so how was I supposed to know it wasn’t some ghostly projection?!" Koume snapped back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"S-stop it, you two!" I barked, my voice breaking as I dragged myself upright with trembling arms. My limbs felt like soaked parchment—fragile and weak. My breath hitched, and my chest heaved as I fought to steady it. My face burned with a mix of shame and disbelief—flustered from being caught off guard, from transforming so helplessly, from realizing that the very witches I'd once defeated at full strength had nearly flattened me with a single blast. "It’s... just me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Phah, you daft child! Why would you pull such an awful trick? And how did you cast that illusion?" Kotake demanded, arms crossed and eyebrow twitching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, look." I picked up the mask from the floor, brushing soot from its carved surface. "It’s the mask. It restores my real self—not an illusion, not a spell. Just... whatever this curse is."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sarcasm dripped from Kotake's words as she answered. "Why my dear sister, this is the 'great and noble' Warrior of Time who tortured our slumber for nearly a decade. Only he's been cursed into this adorable little flower, hehe."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Truly?" Koume chortled only momentarily before becoming serious. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't laugh. This one saved me from sharing a similar fate, so I must show my gratitude."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Similar fate? You're already a woman, you senile toad!" the icy witch mocked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shut your gums, you vulture. A few days ago, a scrawny masked skull child came out of nowhere and ambushed me! Then the kid turned me into a plant, of all things!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So... that's why you went missing? You couldn't defend yourself even against a weak Skull Kid? I think you may have been more useful as a plant, hehehe. I—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good gods, do both of you always quarrel like this?!" I snapped, throwing my arms up. My patience was already fraying at the seams. "Look, all I want is Tatl and a boat. Then I'll be out of your hair and you won’t have to deal with me ever again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, right. Your impertinent little fairy friend…" Kotake muttered, rifling through her robes. Her fingers emerged holding a glass bottle with a glint of smug satisfaction. "She was getting uppity about you being gone and tried to escape the moment her strength returned. I had to… restrain her."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She casually tossed the bottle to me. I caught it with a startled grunt, the glass cool and solid in my palm. Inside, Tatl whirled like a trapped star, her glow flaring with indignant fury. Tiny fists hammered against the transparent walls, lighting up the bottle like a lantern about to burst.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Without hesitation, I popped the cork. The moment the seal broke, Tatl erupted into the air like an angry comet, circling my head in a rapid blur of wings and righteous fury. Her voice—sharp, high, and relentless—unleashed a furious tirade in every direction.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"You maniacs bottled me?! Do you have </span>
      <span class="c35">any</span>
      <span class="c33"> idea how humiliating that was?! I swear, if I were five times bigger—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I raised a hand slowly, gently pressing a finger to her tiny face mid-flight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shhh… it’s okay. We're alright now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She hovered there, wings buzzing like a nervous heartbeat. Her glow flickered—hot, then hesitant. Her mouth still opened in protest, but when her eyes met mine, something in them softened. The fury dimmed, and her whole frame gave a subtle shiver. She stayed close, breathing heavily, and slowly lowered herself. I nodded and offered the bottle back to the witches.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Kotake waved one gnarled hand dismissively. "No no, you keep it," she croaked. "You might be needing it for that one later on. I’ve no use for more bottles. Consider it a bonus for... uh, saving Koume in such a timely manner."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Her dry, crow-like cackle scratched the air, and Koume rolled her eyes with a tired groan.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl floated down to my shoulder and settled there with a reluctant sigh. Her glow pulsed a little softer now—dimmed, yes, but warmer. Grounded. We were together again. And that was enough for her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh...thanks I guess. Oh, before I forget, I found this after I cured you." I produced the mask Koume had kicked aside earlier. "Could you by chance tell me anything about it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Kotake snatched the Deku mask from my hands with surprising speed. "Hmmmm, this smells strongly of magic…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The hag turned it over in her gnarled fingers, squinting at the carved visage. She brought it to her face and inhaled sharply through her oversized nose—the kind of exaggerated sniff one might expect from someone judging a rare wine at a banquet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'll need to run some tests," she muttered, still eyeing it carefully. "But judging by the smell—rich with loamy moss, sap, and something else... something spicy—I’d wager this gives the wearer some botanical traits. Maybe even allows them to interact with plantlife in strange ways."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You figured that out from a sniff?" I asked, incredulous.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Kotake tapped her enormous nose with pride. "This old thing could out-smell a swine and out-sniff a bloodhound. It's why my potions are so famously potent—I find only the finest, most fragrant ingredients."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Ha! You just </span>
      <span class="c35">think</span>
      <span class="c33"> you can smell as well as you used to," Koume snorted. "Might I remind you that you're over four hundred years old? Your nose probably thinks soap is poison."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm still younger than you, crag-face!" Kotake snapped back, brandishing the mask like a weapon.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"As if! I was born after you, snag-tooth!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Spear-nose!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hog-back!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Sheesh, do you two ever stop fighting?!" I finally burst out, rubbing my temples. "And here you call </span>
      <span class="c35">me</span>
      <span class="c33"> a stupid child when you’re both worse than toddlers! Gods help the swamp if I ever turn out like you two."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The bickering hags paused just long enough to glance at each other—and then cackled in unison.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"There you see, Kotake? From the mouths of babes, wisdom seeps. Now then, I'll be the adult here and cease this ridiculous bickering," Koume snarked to Kotake before turning to face me. "I'll be at the boathouse—should you require a boat, come see me there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Without another word, she summoned her broom with a snap of her fingers, opened the door with a lazy wave, and flew off in a swirl of herbal smoke.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmph... that nerve of Koume… Sometimes I swear she'll be the death of me," Kotake grumbled, more to herself than anyone. Then she turned her jaundiced gaze on me. "Anyhow, don’t you have somewhere to be right about now, little hero?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, actually. Now that I’ve got everything I need—at least for now—do you know where this Odalwa creature is hiding? I don’t have time to search blindly, not with the moon falling faster every second."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"This old bag doesn't know, Link," Tatl interjected flatly. "She doesn’t even know where it came from!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know, for someone I just saved, you’re a rather ungrateful little maggot!" Kotake shot back, her voice rising with indignation. She turned to me with a sniff. "But no, I don’t know where the monster lives. I’d wager the Deku or Ape clans know more. Speaking of which... do you want this back?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She held out the Deku Mask toward me, its carved features catching the dim light. I reached for it, hesitating just a heartbeat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So... you don’t think this will do more harm than good?" I asked, unease prickling my fingers. "I’m sick of cursed masks. Just holding this thing makes my skin crawl. I don’t trust it—not after what the last one did."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How should I know? I’ve never dealt with this sort of thing before," Kotake scoffed, shrugging her robed shoulders. "Why don’t you just see for yourself?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm… maybe later. One transformation is enough for now." I glanced down at the mask, then tucked it away beside my own. "I dunno... Every time I change back to this, it’s like... something inside me gets pulled a little looser-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, we really need to go," Tatl cut in, tugging on the edge of my cloak. "As much as I love watching you chitchat with Granny over here, we still need to defeat that monster before the moon crushes everything."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, yeah… I’m coming." I turned toward Kotake. "Thanks again for saving us. And... sorry for Tatl’s manners. We’ll get out of your hair now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes yes, just go," Kotake muttered. "And keep that medallion—I don’t want to hear about another fool getting dragged off by Odalwa!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She waved her bony fingers toward the door. I nodded with a shallow bow and turned to leave, the medallion thudding gently against my chest like a second heartbeat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As soon as we were outside, Tatl zipped around my head in a puff of indignant light.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Geez. Took you long enough! I can’t believe that witch actually put me in a bottle!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gave a faint smirk, tucking the bottle she’d escaped into my pouch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, now you know how fairies feel."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She huffed again, but I caught the glint of a reluctant grin beneath her scowl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Knowing your attitude I don't blame her. You owe her your life, you know?" I scolded as I lightly stepped down the ladder. "You really should be thankful!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Well maybe I </span>
      <span class="c35">would</span>
      <span class="c34"> be if she didn't </span>
      <span class="c35">imprison</span>
      <span class="c33"> me!" Tatl snapped. "Anyway, what do we do next? And where were you this whole time?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As we descended, I recounted the events—how the monkeys found me, how Koume had been turned into a shrub, and the strange power of the Song of Healing. Tatl listened in brooding silence until I mentioned the Deku Palace.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"There's no time for that, didn't you see the moon? We've only got a few hours, and you want to save this dungheap within that short span? No way. Play your ocarina and let’s go back to the first day!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That wouldn't help. It took a whole day just to get here, remember?" I murmured, sliding down the final rungs of the ladder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's better than nothing. I don't think we'll get much further at this rate."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Okay, fine. I’ll think about it. If we don’t find something by nightfall, we’ll go back."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Tatl hovered close, wings twitching. "I'd rather not be here at night… with </span>
      <span class="c35">that</span>
      <span class="c33"> devil... but you're the boss, I guess."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The midday sun filtered through the spanning canopy of wide, pronged leaves and long tangles of vines. The humid, motionless air weighed heavy on my shoulders, every breath thick with the scent of earth and decay. Still, we pressed on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The midday sun filtered through the spanning canopy of wide, pronged leaves and long tangles of vines. The humid, motionless air weighed down my steps, but we traveled on quickly despite it. There was silence all around us and the atmosphere was tense, the kind of thick, oppressive quiet that made the hairs on my arms stand on end and my instincts twitch like a drawn bowstring. It's as if the entire swamp was on edge, preparing for the end of all things, and we hurried on our way back to the boathouse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c39">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
