<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_23"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.yzlotvotf1b2">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Seven</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.1a4m6e4xyawn">
      <span class="c14">Corruption's End</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Come on, let's go find that princess!" Tatl repeated as she flew over to the other passageway.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, you don't know if there's anything else we should worry about!" I called out, still apprehensive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We had just defeated Odalwa—the monstrous warden of this corrupted temple, the source of the swamp’s decay. Now only scorched ash and that terrible wooden mask remained, a sickly totem resting in the pile where the beast once stood. I approached it slowly, the heat from the floor still licking at my boots, and stared at its twisted, burned expression. The carved wood was cracked and blackened, yet it still seemed to leer at me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What should we do with this mask, Tatl?" I asked, my voice quieter than I expected—hushed by something reverent or wary.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl fluttered closer, her wings faltering midair before she forced herself forward. “I don’t know, I’m not touching it, that’s for sure. You probably shouldn’t either.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">But before we could decide, the mask pulsed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">A brilliant blue flare exploded from within it, bathing the entire chamber in blinding light. My body stiffened with instinctual dread as I stumbled back, throwing up an arm to shield my eyes. The light wasn’t just bright—it felt </span>
      <span class="c35">aware</span>
      <span class="c33">. Like something vast and watching had suddenly turned its attention to us. I gasped as the ground beneath us seemed to fall away. For one breathless moment, I thought I was being torn from my body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">When I opened my eyes again, the air was different. Lighter. Clean.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We were no longer in the temple.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Gone was the stench of rot and scorched stone. Tatl and I now stood upon a vast white platform suspended in the sky, surrounded by gently swirling clouds tinged with gold and lavender. A faint wind carried the scent of rain and something older—ozone and memory, maybe. The air here thrummed with silence, but not an empty one. It was sacred.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A strange vertigo swept over me as I walked toward the edge of the platform, peering over the side, and saw nothing but mist and infinite sky. I instinctively stepped back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“Are we… dead?” Tatl’s voice was small, unsure. “What happened?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">“I’m not sure…” I said, slowly scanning the endless horizon. “I think we were transported. Wait… what’s that? Look there.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A silhouette was rising in the distance—massive, slow-moving, and utterly surreal. Clouds peeled away from it like mist rolling off a mountain peak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It was massive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The being loomed above us, emerging from the fog like some forgotten god. Its arms hung long and low, fingers like carved stone. Its body was smooth and vaguely egg-shaped, head and torso one seamless form, reddish skin glinting faintly in the celestial glow. No mouth marked its face, only two deep, dark eyes and a beard-like fringe of green—like moss on ancient bark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Yet despite its monstrous size and inhuman shape, it radiated a calm gravity. Like the stillness of deep forest waters or the hush of a mountain valley just before dawn. My fear didn’t rise; instead, I felt… humbled. Like I was in the presence of something that remembered the world before it was broken.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It didn’t speak, but I somehow knew it understood us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Huh...Do you hear that?" Tatl chimed in suddenly, breaking the serenity. "I think it's speaking to us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I raised a hand to my pointed ear to listen, but all I could hear was a very faint yet solemn melody riding along the gentle winds—something like a lullaby forgotten by time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's saying… thank you… for freeing its spirit…?" Tatl said slowly, "And for your sacrifice…. call us…. together again? What does that mean?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn't have any time to respond as the bright blue light flashed and surrounded us once more. It didn’t just shine—it wrapped around us like liquid sky, weightless and warm, pulling us up from the pedestal with a force that wasn’t physical but deeply spiritual. My stomach dropped, and a jolt of vertigo seized me as we were transported again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We blinked back into the temple as if from a dream. I swayed slightly, a bit dizzy from the ordeal. A sharp tingling sensation swept through my body—warm, effervescent, like the feeling after waking from a long, dreamless sleep. Then, like sunlight banishing a cold fog, the pain and fatigue of the battle began to melt away. My arm, my legs, my face—all the aches and gashes I’d carried felt like they were gently rewoven, not erased, but lovingly mended. I let out a shaky breath, surprised to find it didn’t hurt. Even the deep, bruising throb in my shoulder had vanished.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl floated beside me, blinking rapidly and then gasping. "Wait… Link, you're—you're healed! I think… me too?" She spun in a slow circle, her wings fluttering more smoothly, her glow brighter than before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The heavy scent of death was also beginning to recede from the room, like a breath long held finally exhaled. The flickering torches seemed to burn more steadily now, casting golden halos through the mist. Relief bloomed quietly in my chest, and I turned to Tatl, my grin faint but real… tempered by a knowing dread that the battle's echo would linger within the both of us. Her golden light no longer fluttered with panic, but pulsed gently, like a heartbeat remembered. She drifted closer, brushing against my cheek in a fleeting, wordless gesture of comfort. I took a deep breath to steady my legs, still trembling from everything we’d endured, and met her gaze. In that quiet moment, we understood one another without need for words. Our bond had deepened—not through victory, but through survival. Then I remembered the sacred giant...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So…what was that thing?" I inquired and stepped over to her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm not completely positive," she replied, watching me with a furrowed brow, "but I think that was the Southern Guardian…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That was a guardian? Geez...I'm glad it was on our side," I muttered, my voice low.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Skull Kid wasn't on theirs though…. and we got banished for it. Anyway, where were we? Oh right, looking for the princess." Tatl began to drift toward the passage again, but her tone had softened. "Come on, let's go slowpoke!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright alright, I'm coming. Just let me grab that...mask… Where did it go?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My eyes searched the center of the room, scanning for Odalwa's mask. The scorched stone beneath where the monster had fallen was still blackened, laced with glowing cracks that pulsed faintly like cooling embers. Wisps of smoke curled lazily upward, twisting through the heavy air. Yet, of the horrific wooden mask, there was no sign—only the lingering impression of magic, like the aftermath of thunder following a great storm. It was as if the mask had never existed, swallowed up by the blue light or spirited away by forces beyond reckoning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I dunno, maybe it was magic or something?" The impatient pixie responded, "Worry about it later, we have a job to do! I'm so ready to be out of this swamp!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded my head and moved on from the chamber, but not before removing the heavy cloak and rolling it up to tie around my waist as an awkwardly thick belt. But I was thankful that the weight was at last lifted from my aching shoulders, and I strode to the corridor. This new passageway we went down was overgrown with foliage creeping up through various cracks and holes. Vines as thick as rope twisted along the floor and walls, glistening faintly with dew. The air felt cooler here, damp and earthy, carrying the scent of moss and decaying wood. Every step squished softly against the moist stone, and occasional drops of water echoed from somewhere deeper within, lending the corridor a hushed, almost peaceful stillness. Although it was dark, a faint light gleamed from somewhere up ahead, making the path a little easier to navigate. As we got closer to the light source, shrill and desperate warbles from what sounded like a deku originated from the area ahead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Finally we had reached the end of the corridor, and a partly opened stone door lay before us. The bright light of torches flickered in the room beyond, and I pushed all of my body weight, as pitiable as I was, against the door. With a loud grinding the door slid open, and the deku began shrieking in terror, which felt like a hundred knives digging into my brain. I hurriedly searched for the deku and found it inside a great wooden cage, huddling in a corner and shuddering with fear. From what I could see, this deku was not a common one. Ornate leaves flowed from its body like a resplendent dress, and it had several pieces of shiny jewelry tied in its long green leaves. I approached the cage slowly trying not to startle the poor creature any more than I already had. It stared at me with frightened glowing eyes and retreated to the back of the cage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hello?" I spoke softly, trying to ease her fears. "Are you the Deku Princess?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"N-n-no! Leave me alone!" She cried and did her best to curl into a small ball, which was impressively tiny.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's alright, I'm not here to hurt you." I reassured, "I'm here to rescue you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The little princess paused for a moment, then gradually unraveled herself. Then she turned around and skipped towards me, but began to panic after getting a better look at her rescuer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You? N-no you must leave this place! You are a female, the monster devours females!" The princess whispered in urgent tones.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You mean Odalwa?" Tatl chimed in, "Don't worry about that guy anymore, we beat him!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What?" The deku squeaked in surprise, "You two defeated the ancient terror?! You must be formidable indeed….wait…Where did you get that cloak? Either you are great warriors, or murderous thieves!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No we aren't thieves, your mother sent us to look for you. She thought this hide would help us find you." I explained while working to open the cage. "But your father is gearing up for war I think. Your mother said only finding you would stop him."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh she must be worried off her stump, and my father...oh no!" She hopped nervously, "The one I came to investigate this temple with is the prince of the monkey tribe! He saw me get taken and must have run to my parents for help. Tell me, did you see a monkey there?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The only monkey we saw inside the palace was bound and being tortured—it was... awful!" Came Tatl's reply, "They think the monkeys kidnapped you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh dear...oh dear! You must take me back immediately!" The princess hopped out of the cage and scurried to the exit. "Well? Come on then!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sheesh… not even a thank you." My companion muttered, her usual sass laced with a hint of exasperated affection.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shrugged, but inside, a quiet ache lingered—a cocktail of relief, fatigue, and the strange closeness forged in shared danger. Tatl buzzed nearby, noticeably less brash, glancing at the back of my hand where dried blood still crusted from the earlier fight. Her usual quick wit was absent, replaced by a soft, wordless presence that hovered near my shoulder. For just a moment, her light dimmed to a gentler glow, like a candle flickering in empathy. I turned to look at her, and she met my gaze—something passed between us, unspoken but understood: we had faced death together, and survived. I could feel the bond between us grow tighter in that quiet space, grief and gratitude intertwining. I looked toward the Deku princess, now scurrying ahead with determined urgency, then back to Tatl. Our eyes lingered for one more heartbeat. We didn’t speak. We didn’t need to. And then, together, we left the dark temple, and we didn’t look back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As we stepped out into the open swamp, the change was immediate and astonishing. The water sparkled, no longer choked with filth but shimmering like new rain. The scent of rot had vanished, replaced by the gentle sweetness of wet bark and blooming lilies. Palm fronds swayed in a warm, forgiving breeze, and distant birds sang like they'd been waiting for this exact moment to return. The very land seemed to exhale, shedding its suffering with every glimmer of renewed life. But the serenity was not complete—far above, the cursed moon still loomed like a cruel reminder. Its terrible gaze staining even this peace.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Still... I let myself breathe the fresh air. Just for a moment, as the princess approached us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh… before we move on, I want to ask your pardon for my rudeness." The tiny princess squeaked apologetically. "I am truly, eternally in your debt, human warrior, and I am ashamed that I didn't even ask your name…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My name is Link." I responded, and gestured to my partner. "And this is Tatl."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The Deku royal gratefully bowed her head to both of us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It is my absolute pleasure to meet you both. Now, if you'll forgive my boorish behavior, we really must be off. Please follow me, I fear we have no time to lose!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She scurried with surprising speed across the bridge, and I took off after her with Tatl trailing behind. We all sped across the remainder of the lizalfos camp and dashed down the mountain like we were mad. We were stopped at the front gates by some very surprised deku guards, who were harshly berated by the princess, but let us all go in without further delay. The inner palace was still filled with incensed deku, but my breath caught in my throat at the horrifying sight of the imprisoned prince dangling by a rope over a bubbling cauldron.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The stifling heat hit me like a wall, and the acrid stench of burning herbs and monkey hair twisted my stomach, making me momentarily dizzy. My breath caught in my throat as my eyes locked onto the grotesque sight before us—an innocent life teetering over a boiling death. Horror and helplessness surged in my chest, paralyzing my limbs even as every instinct screamed to act. Beside me, Tatl gasped, her glow flickering erratically with panic, casting jittery shadows across the floor. I could feel her trembling near my shoulder, and without looking, I knew that her fear matched mine. The king, still at his throne in the back of the room, directed his underlings to lower the monkey into the cauldron while the forlorn queen stood beside him, looking away from the grisly scene. The princess saw the dire situation and shrieked as loud as possible, causing all eyes to turn to her as the room fell silent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What are you fools doing!?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Shaking with rage, she hop-sprinted through the now parting crowd toward the hulking deku king.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Father! How dare you treat this innocent prince so poorly!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wha?" The king sputtered in shock. "Typha? You're-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He didn't have a chance to finish as the tiny princess leapt at him and tackled the huge deku to the ground. The queen seemed to be overjoyed, but the crowd of speechless underlings watched partly in awe and mostly fear as the king was stomped upon by his daughter. Once she was finished "scolding" her father, the princess turned to the crowd, who all braced for a similar fate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What are you staring at! Release him at once!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">After a mad scramble, the monkey prince was immediately untied and released. Once he checked over his extremities to ensure he wasn't badly wounded, the prince rushed over to the princess and embraced her warmly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Thank the guardians you're alright, princess! I feared the worst when you didn't come out of that temple with me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If it wasn't for this brave human warrior and her companion, the worst would have surely happened." The princess spoke somberly and directed everyone's attention to me. "And thanks to them, all the poison that was destroying our home has vanished!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The white-gold monkey hopped over to me and looked me over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"</span>
      <span class="c35">You</span>
      <span class="c33"> defeated that monster? You don't look... very formidable… but ahh... appearances are deceiving. Not even my best warriors could harm the devil, but...somehow, you managed it! I guess I underestimated human potential…" The prince nodded and reached out to gently touch my hand. "Because of you, our world is saved. From both war and corruption. You will be forever etched into our history as the warrior maiden who brought about our salvation!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh no no! I only wanted to help, that's all." I protested, backing away. "But I'm afraid that I have to get going."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What?!" The trampled king rose up and bellowed. "Not so fast, human! I can't possibly let the heroine who saved my daughter, and the entire swamp no doubt, leave without a reward!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No please, I don't need anything!" I objected and continued to retreat, "But I appreciate the thought..!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The scrubs that surrounded me suddenly burst into cheers, their round eyes wide with admiration. Before I could protest, they lifted me up onto their backs and shoulders, their bark-like arms surprisingly sturdy. I tensed, unsure whether to feel honored or horrified, heart pounding with the sudden surge of attention. As they carried me forward, I caught Tatl’s glance—her wings fluttered uncertainly, mirroring my own unease—as we were paraded toward the towering form of their king. I was set down before the tree-like monarch, who was much larger than I previously thought and stood a good meter or so above me. Having never been rewarded by deku before, I was a bit wary of what was going to happen.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Human…" The king knelt down. "If what they say is true, then my kingdom also owes you a great debt. Although, that cloak you're wearing does look familiar...is that..?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I gave it to her, Nuphar!" The queen interjected, "You weren't in your right mind, and I gave all hope to this Link….my faith was not misplaced."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You went behind my back to trust a human, Leersia?" The king gawked at her, then bobbed his leafy head sadly. "You were right to do so….if you hadn't, I would have surely sealed our doom."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"You are too rash at times, Nuphar, but it is all well and good now." Leersia hopped over to me. "I thank you from the bottom of my heart, Link, but, I'm afraid we need that dinolfos hide back. It </span>
      <span class="c35">is </span>
      <span class="c33">a royal treasure after all…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I agreed, and undid the cloak tied around my waist, gratefully handing the hefty hide to the queen. With its weight off my shoulders, I felt a subtle shift within me, shedding not just armor, but a burden of what we had endured in Woodfall. For a second I swore that I could still feel the heat of the battle clinging to the fabric, like an echo too stubborn to fade. In a way, I was happy to be rid of it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Thank you. Now we will return your old cloak, although I decided to have my handmaiden 'improve' upon it in case you returned successfully."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Leersia uttered a few rapid squeaks to her nearby handmaiden, who bowed and scampered down a small, hidden tunnel behind the throne. I exhaled slowly, heart still catching up to the present, and turned to Tatl, whose quiet, steady presence beside me grounded my thoughts.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A few moments later, the servant appeared again, holding my neatly folded cloak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"And what a triumphant return it was," the queen continued, "So I am honored to let you have this small gift in exchange for your noble deeds."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The handmaid skittered over to me and raised the garment toward my hands. I picked it up and immediately noticed something had changed. It wasn't heavier—just smoother, richer somehow. I unfurled it and was pleasantly surprised to see that the inside was lined with iridescent scales similar to the dinolfos skin. And was, thankfully, much lighter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We lined your coat with our other great treasure. That hide came from a dangerous relative of the armor you borrowed. Although it is not as durable or powerful as its older cousin, those scales have a similar way of blending into the surrounding environment. Please, take it as a symbol of our everlasting gratitude."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I slid my arms through the sleeves and adjusted it, and was very pleased to find that the cloak was hardly a burden at all. The scales inside felt cool and comfortably smooth against my tunic, which was also vast improvement over the older dinolfos hide. Tatl glided around me, gently poking at the draping end of the new cloak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm, yup! I think this will do." She smiled in satisfaction and landed on my shoulder. "Plus this is much more comfortable for me than that other nasty, thick coat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shook Tatl off, who playfully stuck her tongue out and fluttered behind me, and bowed to the king and queen.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I realize this gift must be invaluable, and I thank you for your generosity." I stated, then straightened out. "But I must be going now, I'm sure I am needed elsewhere."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ah yes, this world is still in grave danger indeed." King Nuphar somberly bobbed his head in agreement. "But I fear that there is far too much for even you to handle, mighty Link. Reports of the great moon falling from the sky are very unsettling. There are also rumors that every region in Termina is drenched with chaos, especially in the Northern Mountains. Even so, I admit you have much courage to try, especially for a human. You are a true warrior, and we shall memorialize your deeds here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The throne room scrubs cheered and I cringed internally, hating the attention I was receiving. Yet I smiled out of politeness and swiftly walked away from the reunited family, through the crowded chamber, and out of the throne room. After I was out of sight, I heard the attention of the congregation shift toward the deku princess and monkey prince. Sighing in relief, I strutted out into the courtyard and confidently passed by the many guards, who stood straight and still until I was gone. Once through the main gate, I looked around and breathed deeply of the now fresh, marshy, air. It carried with it the faint trace of moss and damp earth, but also something cleaner—like a sigh of relief from the land itself. For a moment, I let the weight of everything fall away: the battles, the fear, the shadows of the temple. The air filled my lungs with a quiet sense of triumph and clarity, like I had earned this breath, this moment of stillness. Beside me, Tatl hovered without speaking, her glow soft and steady. We both knew the peace wouldn't last, but for now, it was enough.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Dawn was quickly approaching as the few stars I could see faded into the swelling blue of morning. Though the cursed moon still loomed in the sky like an open wound, a serene peacefulness had finally settled over the swamp. The land was healing, and in some way, I felt I was too. There was beauty in the gently swaying ferns and palm trees, the nearby warbles of skittering creatures, and the gurgle of the slow moving river. In that moment, I wasn’t just a warrior or a wanderer—I was someone who had helped bring a corner of the world back to life. And though the road ahead remained uncertain, I carried that restoration with me like a quiet ember burning in my chest. Yet I had to shake myself from my reverie and focus on our next objective. With another deep breath, I turned to my pixie companion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, I think we're done here. I say it's time to go back to the first day… there isn't much we can do now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Great… another ride through the time stream." Tatl groaned. "But yup, I guess we have to."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I reached down into my pouch and pulled out the precious blue instrument. Closing my eyes, I pursed my lips around the ocarina and began to play the Song of Time. The notes shimmered in the cool morning air, each one heavy with memory. As the melody reached its end, the strange pull overtook me—like a ripple in water tugging me backward. The world blurred and twisted, the sign of time unraveling like threads from a tapestry. I felt both dread and relief wash over me: dread for all that still lay ahead, and relief for what little peace we had restored. My heart clenched with a quiet fear—what if this was the last time the swamp would breathe easy? What if going back in time also restored Odalwa?? What if... each reset stripped a little more away from who I used to be? Yet there was also hope—fragile, persistent—that maybe, just maybe, I was learning how to carry these burdens despite their weight. Just before everything faded, I caught a glimpse of Tatl’s glow beside me—constant, comforting, like a star guiding me home. Then the light swallowed us whole.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
