<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_29"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.4ku4xplj92uy">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty-Three</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.x1j29027h650">
      <span class="c14">The Great Escape</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"How's she doing, Anju? Any improvement? Has she woken up at all?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't know, the wound was frightfully infected when you brought her to me. Looks like the work of some kind of toxin... I've done the best I can, I'm afraid. All that you can do now is wait."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We can't wait, lady! We have to get to the mountains by tomorrow morning!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm sorry, Tatl, really… but it's a miracle your friend was even breathing by the time I cleaned her wounds…."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">After faintly hearing bits and pieces of conversation that sounded far away, awareness gradually came back to me in rising waves—like seawater lapping against a fractured hull. I felt the cold press of damp blankets against my skin, the weight of exhaustion like stones on my chest, and a slow throb behind my eyes. Every breath was effort. Every inch of return to consciousness was a climb up from drowning. My body felt like every inch of it had become a wrung out dishrag, and I couldn't move my arms or legs. I had no clue where I was, and all that I did know was that I was lying on something soft and wrapped in blankets. Which definitely wasn't like the stony street that I remembered collapsing on. Did I get moved somewhere?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My eyes slowly opened, taking their time to adjust to the flickering warmth of a burning fireplace and the golden glow of several large candles. The faint scent of beeswax hung in the air, mingling with the smoky tang of firewood, and the crackle of flames provided a steady rhythm beneath the low murmur of voices. Shadows danced gently on the walls, giving the room a dreamlike quality as my blurred vision tried to bring it all into focus. I could hardly move anything at all, but I glanced around as much as I could. Ratt paced anxiously, wringing his hands and casting frequent glances toward the bed; Tatl hovered mid-air, her glow flickering with agitation; and Anju stood with arms crossed, her brow furrowed in deep concern. The three of them clustered together in the dim, candlelit room, speaking in hushed but urgent tones. I assumed we were in the Stockpot Inn, and judging from the conversation, I had nearly died from...poison? So Lukhan had poisoned his blades then. Typical of an honorless thug...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I tried my best to rise from the bed, but a searing jolt of pain flared through my shoulder, and my muscles trembled as though each fiber had forgotten how to obey. All I managed was a feeble twitch of my arms, as if gravity itself was conspiring to keep me pinned. That slight movement was enough to attract their attention however, as they all rushed over to me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link! You're awake!" Ratt breathed, his voice cracking with emotion. Tears pricked at the corners of his eyes as his tense shoulders finally sagged, overcome with relief. "Oh thank the gods…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You had me worried sick, dummy!" Tatl exclaimed, her voice trembling slightly as she tapped my nose in mock admonishment. Her glow flickered unevenly, betraying the lingering fear beneath her words. "Stop trying to die on me, okay? Just… don’t do that again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Careful, you two. She still needs time to recover." Anju, the redheaded innkeeper, gently warned before looking at me. "How do you feel, dear?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I opened my mouth to say that I felt like I'd been through a wheat grinder, but the words clung to my tongue like glue. My throat burned with dryness, and frustration pricked at the corners of my mind—how could I not even manage a sentence? My body, weak and uncooperative, reminded me just how close I’d come to the edge. I tried sitting up, but was gently kept in place by Anju.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No no, Miss Link! You mustn't try to move, dear. I still need to stitch up your shoulder. I'll go get you a cup of water for your throat though..." Anju patted my leg beneath the wool blankets, then turned to leave. "Ratt, please don't let her move. I'll be back in a minute."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I heard the door open and close. Then Ratt approached me again, pulling up something wooden to sit on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey… I'm sorry I was so rude to you in that alley," Ratt began, his voice softer than usual, a flicker of guilt in his eyes. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly and avoided my gaze for a moment before finally meeting it with a look of sincere remorse. "I didn't know it really was you…but, I mean, that was amazing! You have all these awesome magic weapons, time traveling flutes, and shapeshifting masks! I'm not sure what Tatl meant about your curse, but... you're incredible! As for all that back there...well, I can't thank you two enough for saving me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hah! Saving you? I regret breaking you out of that dungeon already—do you have any idea how close Link came to dying? And now you're sitting there grinning like it was all some grand adventure! It's your fault Link almost died, you little toad! If it weren't for you, he wouldn't be lying here!" Tatl angrily accused, slapping the boy in the head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok...yeah… I deserve that," Ratt murmured, his voice low and heavy with guilt. His brows pinched together and he rubbed his arm, eyes flicking briefly to me before dropping again. "If it wasn't for my stupid fight with the Blood Wolves… you'd probably be in the mountains by now. None of this would've happened."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I slowly turned my head, inch by painstaking inch, to scold Tatl and tell her the blame was my own. Yet, my voice refused to cooperate with me, so I tried my best to force my face into an angry expression. All of a sudden the door opened, interrupting the quarrel, and in came Anju carrying a stone mug of water and a small leather satchel. She walked over to the bed, gently lifted my head, and carefully tipped the lifegiving liquid into my mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright now, not too fast, dear. Drink slowly… that's it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The water tasted infinitely sweet and felt like a cool, soothing river flowing through the parched desert of my throat. For a brief, precious moment, I felt relief ripple through my chest—a fragile comfort that stilled the storm of pain. It was difficult for me not to try to gulp the whole thing down, but I heeded her instructions and sipped slowly. I was glad I did, because as soon as the liquid hit my stomach, I felt nauseous. After I coughed up the water remaining in my throat into the cup, the kindly innkeeper pulled it away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, I hope that feels a bit better." Anju said as she set the mug down on a nearby table, and opened up the tiny satchel. "However, I must stitch that shoulder up before it becomes infected again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She moved to my right and took a curved bone needle from her satchel with some thin twine. I inwardly flinched as the tiny point pierced my skin, but hardly felt anything at all as the twine pulled the skin over the wound. A competent innkeeper, a skilled physician, a diligent sister.... Anju moved with the quiet confidence of someone who’d carried others through pain like this before. Her touch was steady, her voice gentle, and even her frown seemed to promise safety. what wasn't this woman good at? With a slight tug and snip later, Anju sealed the wound and re-bandaged it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"There you go, now all that you need is a few days of rest. But please, don't go playing in that dreadful sewer again, young miss. You were very lucky to come out with only an infected scratch. And Ratt, </span>
      <span class="c35">shame</span>
      <span class="c33"> on you for taking her there in the first place! I swear I don't understand you boys and your disgusting hideouts! It's bad enough that Jim sneaks around down there, but involving her in your schemes is appalling!" Anju chided the sullen-faced boy, thumping him with her finger. "Now... I have to go back to work downstairs, someone is bound to show up in this dreadful weather. If you need me, I'll be at the desk in the lobby. Oh, and if you get hungry later I have soup cooking in the kitchen. You know where that is, Ratt."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With that, Anju quietly shut the door, leaving the three of us to talk. Seeing the slight confusion in my eyes, Ratt gave a sheepish smile, his brows knit together with concern, and rubbed the back of his neck before beginning to clarify Anju's previous statement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah...I had to tell her a little white lie about us playing in the sewer. She would've turned us away if we mentioned anything about the Blood Wolves. Her mom, the mayor's awful wife, has a little deal with them. Basically they have free reign in their territory as long as they don't cross lines, and the town guard won't harass them. All in the name of 'avoiding a costly war' in her terms. Anju is the exact opposite of her mother, but she would've refused to deal with you if you were connected in any way to those brutes."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh...thank you…" Was all I could manage to utter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I inwardly groaned in irritation as a dull throb pulsed from my wound, echoing with each frustrated heartbeat. How long was it going to take to even move? My arms felt like lead, and a faint ache curled through my limbs, sharpening the helplessness that gripped me.? How badly was I injured? What time was it? I couldn't even see a window. I had places to get to, a Goron child to rescue… if the Gorons were even still there…and I had to get to those northern mountains.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, Link, don't worry." My fairy companion rubbed my forehead, noticing the frustration in my eyes. "I know you must be fretting over the Goron and the mountains. But, you have no idea how close to death you were. You need rest, ok?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No...ugh...I have to...get up!" I gasped, struggling to rise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link please, we're serious." Ratt put pressure on my good shoulder to keep me pinned. "You're gonna need at least half your strength. This may be a safe place for now, but as soon as we leave, the Blood Wolves are gonna be onto us and plan another ambush."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ugh...fine." I relented, suddenly feeling thirsty again. "Water...please?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good, and yes of course!" Ratt happily obliged and returned the cup of water to my lips.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I managed to drink down a few sips, until the ground started to rumble. Ratt pulled the glass away, standing up from his chair and glanced around apprehensively.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What is that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The moon, idiot." Tatl stated, almost nonchalantly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The moon? Like that creepy-faced moon we saw yesterday? So… it really is gonna fall unless you two stop it…" The concerned boy ignored the fairy's insult.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I feebly nodded and Ratt sat back down in despair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Man… So, everything the Bombers have been fighting for… all the wrongs needing to be made right…. it doesn't mean a thing after all. We're doomed anyway..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pretty much." The obnoxious fairy sneered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No." I muttered hoarsely in disagreement, giving Tatl a stern look. "It...does matter. This world…*huff*... isn't over yet."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You really think it'll survive? Even if you guys manage to stop the moon? I mean, look at all the evil this world has in it, and what good has this world ever done for you? Look at yourself, Link. You're lying on what we thought was your deathbed, barely able to move or talk! All because of those villains you're trying to save…-sigh-... I don't know how you do it….or why."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt was silent for a while, just blankly gazing at the floor. I tried mustering what little strength I had to speak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I...do it because...of people like you, Ratt. Yes…-huff- there is evil...and corruption. But, there...is also a lot of...good, and -huff-... purity. We have to...fight for it…-gasp-... If not, what else do we have?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The strain of speaking for so long was, pathetically, far too much for my body to handle. Exhausted, I shut my eyes and focused on calming my heavy breathing. Ratt remained silent, as did Tatl. The only sound in the room was the gentle crackling of the lively fireplace, and would have almost been peaceful if not for the subject of doom looming on everyone's thoughts. A faint peel of thunder rumbled outside, and I suddenly felt a light touch on my good shoulder. Opening my eyes and tilting my head to the left, I saw Ratt with renewed determination burning within his eyes. His face no longer held the awkward smirk that seemed permanently plastered on his lips, but a serious, willful grimace that seemed misplaced on the normally light-hearted boy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You're right, Link. I know I've been a burden on you and Tatl...but I want to be better. I've tried to make this town better, I've helped a few people, sure...but it's nothing compared to what you can probably do. If you had to, you could probably save an entire kingdom!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm….I have…" I muttered weakly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha, exactly! You'll have to tell me about that story later… But, well...if it's not too much to ask...I want you to train me. If you, uh... want to that is…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft! Train you? Why would Link waste any time on you? You're just a street urchin. Haven't you done enough to him?" Tatl bemoaned and flew in between me and Ratt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl...I know I've been a terrible friend, I do. I can take your abuse. But Link can't defend herself, so cool it on the insults ok?" Ratt sternly upbraided the white fairy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"What are you talking about, moron? I'm not mocking him. I'm telling </span>
      <span class="c35">you </span>
      <span class="c33">to step off!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"You keep calling Link </span>
      <span class="c35">him</span>
      <span class="c33">! I know it must be a jab at that mask form, but now is not the time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Ughh you imbecile! Link is a </span>
      <span class="c35">man!</span>
      <span class="c34"> The mask form is his </span>
      <span class="c35">real form</span>
      <span class="c33">! Remember the curse I was talking about?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt was abruptly taken aback, looking down at me, then at Tatl, then back to me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link… is Tatl bothering you? I can make her wait outside if you-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Put me outside? I'd like to see you try! I may be small, but I've knocked out </span>
      <span class="c35">badbats</span>
      <span class="c33"> worse than you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl angrily swooped in front of Ratt's face, her wings buzzing with irritation, while Ratt clenched his fists and leaned forward, his jaw tight and eyes narrowed. The room crackled with their unspoken challenge, but I quickly broke the tension the only way I could. With a few soft coughs, I managed to get their attention again and Ratt leaned over me, while Tatl fluttered close to my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Are you ok, Link?" They both asked in unison.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wa..ter…" I wheezed and, after Ratt poured a little of the life-giving fluid into my mouth, continued with an explanation. "Tatl is...right...I was a man… Skullkid…*huff*...cursed me, so here I am…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Oh… Wait, what? You… were actually </span>
      <span class="c35">transformed into a girl</span>
      <span class="c34">?" Ratt dubiously responded, but after double </span>
      <span class="c35">checking</span>
      <span class="c34"> my serious expression, he sat down. "Holy cucco…why? And how? Aren't skull kids normally...like... powerless forest creatures? I've heard stories of them pulling pranks… but, well… </span>
      <span class="c35">never</span>
      <span class="c33"> anything like that."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"He has this powerful mask, and uses it for cruel pranks." Tatl chimed in and paraphrased my story, with her tone thankfully less accusatory towards Ratt. "I know, cuz... I was Skull Kid's friend… once anyway. Basically me, my brother, and Skull Kid were playing in the woods one day. We found Link here riding this awesome horse, ambushed him and stole the horse. Link followed, and bibbity bobbity boop, Skull Kid cursed him. Now the only way Link can return to his former body is through his mask."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt rubbed his temples thoughtfully, his eyes wide and brows furrowed, as the weight of the story settled on him like a heavy cloak. A trace of disbelief flickered across his face, quickly replaced by something deeper—shock, maybe, or awe—as he looked from Tatl to me and back again, trying to fit the pieces together in his mind. I looked up at Tatl, who had guilt written over her petite features. I knew she still felt bad about her part in everything. I was about to say something to console her, but before I could, Ratt slapped his knees in conviction and rose from his creaky stool.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link… we're going to find a way to save you." The willful boy leaned over me to look me in the eye. "First of all, I believe your story. Mutoh, the person I went to see the other night, was also transformed into something, a man-bull thing, and said something about a wicked trickster wearing a dark mask. This monster must be the one causing the moon to fall, too! I can help you, but you just gotta train me to fight like you can! I am ready and willing to learn."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ohhh no. You're not tagging along." Tatl refused before I could utter a response. "We have enough problems as it is, ok? Ok. Good. Glad we solved that."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What can I do to prove that I can help?" Ratt pleaded, more to me than Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know what? How about you start by finding a way to heal Link? Pfft... Oh, wait, if you leave you'll be caught by your friends. Yeah, go do that." The fairy sarcastically replied.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright. Hold on, Link. I'll be back soon."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">W-wait it's pitch black outside! I was only kidding abo-!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">The door opened and shut with a soft </span>
      <span class="c35">click</span>
      <span class="c33"> before Tatl finished her sentence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Welp...he's as good as dead…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why did you… do that?" I scowled at the fairy, feeling my anger rise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I didn't think he would actually </span>
      <span class="c35">go out there</span>
      <span class="c33">! I'm sorry, I'll go get him real quick."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl zipped over to the door, and I heard her loud attempts at opening it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Stupid door! Just….open…! Ughh! Why... won't... you...open!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A few minutes of pulling, shoving, and kicking passed until the pixie finally gave up on her futile attempts at opening the door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can't get it open…" Tatl sadly stated as she returned to my side, her wings drooping a little. "I guess I shouldn't have been so harsh… sorry." She hovered lower, her glow dimming slightly, a flicker of genuine regret crossing her usually brash voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I sighed at my companion's appalling behavior, and closed my eyes. If Ratt didn't return with something helpful, if he returned at all for that matter, I would need more strength to go find him or the goron. If there was still time to do anything at all.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c42">Wait… what time is it?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I opened my eyes and glimpsed Tatl sitting beside my head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What time is it… anyway?" I inquired in a frail voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, yeah… well, it's definitely after dark. You were out for a long time…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Great…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know," Tatl shuffled closer to my face, "How come it's always the second day that gives us the most trouble? Is it the rain? Or is the entire world out to get us on this particular day?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I had to smile at her observation, it seemed odd that we were always up this same creek every cycle of the second day. Yet, I could see a kind of dark humor in it as well.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha… yeah. I guess we're… just lucky." I breathed in response, suddenly feeling the exhaustion from so much conversation take over. "But I'm... feeling… really tired. I'm gonna… just take a...nap…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My eyelids fell shut like heavy stone doors and I was fast asleep in moments. It felt like only a few minutes passed when I heard Tatl call my name and felt the warmth of her tiny hand patting my shoulder, rousing me from a dreamless sleep. The scent of old wood and faint herbs filled the air, and I blinked against the soft amber glow of candlelight flickering on the inn’s wooden walls. and felt someone pat my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, hey Link! Wake up, Ratt actually pulled it off!" Her excited voice echoed in the small room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My eyes opened again to see Tatl hovering over my face, and I turned my head and noticed that the triumphant boy stood beside me, holding a bottle of something shiny in his hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Is that…?" I inquired in apprehensive excitement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehe yup! A pink fairy." Ratt chuckled, opening the bottle to release the tiny helper. "The Great Fairy let one of her children come with me. But it was weird, she acted like she knew you two already?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"She remembered us? Wow! Most forget we even exist… it must be because she's the Great Fairy." Tatl presumed with a shrug as her kin fluttered to me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, the Great Mother remembers you saving her from certain doom." The pink fairy spoke in a sweetly child-like voice. "She also desires to repay the favor!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The healing pixie swirled around me and immediately set to work. A soft pink glow radiated from her tiny body, leaving behind a trail of sparkles that melted into my skin like warm raindrops. I felt a tingling warmth sink into my flesh, knitting torn muscles and cleansing the lingering sting of poison in my veins. My breathing deepened, the ache in my bones slowly receding as strength trickled back into me like sunlight returning after a storm. My fingers twitched, then flexed. My chest loosened. And then, with a tremble, I sat up, gasping softly. The blanket slipped from my shoulders, and a sudden draft chilled my now-sensitive skin, making me acutely aware of my bare arms.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Looking down, I felt a cold spike of vulnerability shoot through me as I realized I was wearing nothing but a simple, brown bra. My skin prickled with goosebumps from the drafty room, and I scrambled to pull the bedsheets higher to cover myself. Embarrassed, Ratt quickly turned away and dashed over to a nearby table where my clothes were placed, dry and neatly folded. Keeping his face turned, he handed the garments to me, and I swiftly pulled the brown tunic over my head just as the tiny healer finished her miracle work.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft...show off…" I heard Tatl mutter under her breath, clearly annoyed by the pink fairy's useful magic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"All done! Mother will be happy that I was able to help!" the pink fairy cheerfully hummed, either not catching Tatl's comment or choosing not to care. "But now I've gotta get back to my family. If you would kindly let me out, please?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh yeah, no problem!" Ratt obliged and opened the door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As the fairy exited with a polite 'thank you,' I pulled my legs—thankfully clothed—out from under the blanket and set my bare feet onto the cool wood flooring of the room. I gently rose, testing my balance, still wincing faintly at the lingering soreness in my limbs. Tatl bobbed in the air, but something in her movements felt gentler than usual—like a flicker of relief disguised in playful energy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You're okay!" she blurted, her voice just a little too loud with emotion. "Well, for now anyway.... A-at least until I have to come save you again, haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked at her more closely—she was hovering a little too low, her light dimmer than usual, and there was a hitch in her voice she couldn't quite hide.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oho you're so funny, Tatl," I replied with soft sarcasm as I walked over to the table holding the rest of my gear. "But I think it was Ratt who came through this time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What? I didn't do anything… if anything I was just making up for getting you in that position in the first place," Ratt said with a touch of guilt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shyeah! You did cause us all that grief!" Tatl flitted before him, but her tone had softened just slightly. "But… you did throw yourself to the wolves—literally—in order to help Link. I guess that counts for something. But you're still a moron."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I caught a flicker of something strange in Tatl’s eyes—maybe a hint of respect, or even gratitude.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don't worry, Ratt. She'll warm up to you eventually," I said with a small smile, sliding on my scaled, green cloak and gloves. "You should've seen us when we first met. Hmm… actually, now that I think about it, we haven't really changed much heehee!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey! That's only because you always do dumb stuff!" Tatl huffed. "Like... blabbing your mouth while we should be moving on! We only have one day left to get to those mountains, you know?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok ok, I hear you. Don't worry though, I've got my ocarina still. Even if we don't make it to the mountains, we'll try again next cycle," I said while pulling on my boots and slinging the lustrous bow around my back. "Ratt, if you would, please lead on and take us to the kid?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, no problem! It's...ah... good to see you up on your feet again. We just have to get to the west market. The guy there is open all night, which is honestly perfect timing, I'd say."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt waited for me to gather the rest of my things, then opened the door. We quietly left the room. I considered thanking Anju again for her immense kindness, but the urgency of our situation held my tongue. She was likely asleep anyway. I would find a way to repay her...truly...when I could.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The inn was silent, though candles burned in wall sconces that cheerily lit the quaint second-floor hallway. The faint creak of ancient floorboards echoed beneath our steps, mingling with the subtle scent of old wood and melted wax. A trail of damp puddles along the hardwood floor, likely left by Ratt, led downstairs into the main lobby. No one manned the front desk at this hour, so we slipped out the front door and into the sparsely lit streets lying under a black, cloud-smothered sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, so it shouldn't be long if we keep to the main streets. Everyone's asleep, so it'll be easy going," Ratt said as we started walking. "I didn't see any sign of the Blood Wolves. Hopefully they gave up for the night. Speaking of… how did you escape from their boss? I've never met him personally, but I've heard he's practically unbeatable! Some say he wears armor blessed with dark magic."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, funny story actually. He kinda just... gave me my mask and told me to entertain him."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hahaha what?! I bet you did just that! I wish I could've seen the surprise in his eyes as you gutted him like the swine he was…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm, actually he was pretty quick on his feet... and probably the toughest human opponent I've fought in a long time. I didn’t get a killing blow, but it seems he almost did with those poisoned blades. Honorless scum…" I growled in contempt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, I'm just glad you got away—and got us all out alive, for that matter." Ratt paused, eyes lingering on mine with a flicker of awe and something deeper, a yearning. "But I was serious earlier when I asked you about the training thing…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He rubbed the back of his neck, voice softening. His eyes looked deep into mine, stirring that weird sensation in my chest once again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I want to save people. I want to do what you do. You're... you're like the kind of hero I always imagined as a kid—strong, fearless, someone who </span>
      <span class="c35">makes</span>
      <span class="c33"> things right. I want to learn how to do that too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look kid, you helped Link out a ton…" Tatl cut in, "But I don't think you would survive one minute as a—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ratt…" I interrupted with a weary sigh. "You don't want my life. Being a warrior means committing yourself to a life of violence, and pain. Just look at where it got me…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gestured to my cursed body, but the boy simply shrugged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I see nothing wrong. So you got turned into a </span>
      <span class="c35">female</span>
      <span class="c33"> warrior. So what? That's not stopping you from saving an entire world. So why would I stop asking you to train me to do the same?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I...ugh…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I had no response. The kid sounded just like I did when I was younger—back when I was a child just beginning his adventure in Kokiri Forest. I may have been Ratt’s age in body, but I was at least double it in mind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You're way too headstrong for your own good." I conceded, "I... suppose I could show you a few things… But you aren't coming to the mountains with us. You need to stay in town where it's relatively safe…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"...Safe? Ohhh not for you, I'm afraid…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We all stopped in our tracks to search for the disembodied voice of Lukhan, who must have been hidden in the shadows ahead. Unfortunately, dozens of angry, raggedy pirates slowly stepped out of nearby alleyways and closed storefronts, all rushing to surround us. I cursed our rotten luck as I took a more defensive stance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You see, Sinrah. I own this city. I have men in every district, and when I don't… well, everything is for sale, even loyalty. My influence strikes fear into even the mayor himself!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Lukhan finally revealed himself with a slow, deliberate step into the amber glow of a burning street lamp. His presence was heralded by the metallic hiss of twin scimitars unsheathing, the sound sending a chill down my spine. A faint, acrid scent of smoke and blood clung to him, as if the violence he wrought followed him like a shroud. He smiled, cold and predatory, the expression twisting the raw, unbandaged wound across the left side of his face—a wicked, jagged cut that traced his cheek like a grim badge of vengeance. Thirty meters away, he simply stood there....silent, looming, terrible.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ah yes, do you like this little gift you've left me with? I rather fancy it myself. In fact, I fancy it so much I may just share it with you! Your companions, however, will be slaughtered in front of you. Much like you slaughtered my best man. Rastil will rest easy, knowing you suffered before your slow, painful demise."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link!" Tatl hissed urgently, "Play your ocarina...hurry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded, and from the look on Ratt's face I knew he understood, too. We all huddled together as the pirate thugs closed off any escape route. Lukhan approached slowly, wary of any surprises. I carefully went for my instrument, watching the boss like a hawk. His malicious smile widened as he saw me reaching further into my cloak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ah yes, show me the warrior! I would relish another duel, haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">When my hand came out with the ocarina instead, Lukhan's cocky smile instantly twisted into a snarl. He roared and came sprinting toward us, but the instrument was already to my lips. I played the Song of Time with my heart racing and eyes closed. Each beautiful note seemed to echo out in waves of azure molasses. The world itself seemed to slow down, and all noise faded into the background…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">When I finished the magical tune, my eyes opened to see Lukhan and his blades inches from my face. My galloping heart skipped a beat, expecting a killing blow. But it was too late for his strike to connect. The town around us swirled and stretched into white lines, which expanded until all four of us were engulfed in an ocean of white. Lukhan's eyes bulged with fear and shock, and he screamed in rage as he began to fade from our sight. The last traces I saw of him before completely disappearing were his eyes, focused on mine and filled with a furious, immeasurable hate...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
