<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_28"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.vf9xmv6gax2a">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty-Two</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.d3aonzzfuibb">
      <span class="c14">A New Threat</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c39">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I could do nothing but close my eyes and brace myself, my body tense with dread and fatigue. My soaked clothes clung to me like ice, and the cold had long since crept into my bones. My thoughts spiraled—every second stretching into eternity—as I envisioned blades, branding irons, or cruel hands. I tried to still my trembling, but my breath came in shallow gasps, and my heartbeat thundered against my ribs like a war drum. For a moment, I thought I heard footsteps approach, and my stomach clenched painfully. I was completely vulnerable, and the weight of that helplessness threatened to crush me as surely as any weapon ever could. I waited for a few seconds then, shocked that I still drew breath, I opened my eyes to focus on the man across the room. He did nothing but observe me in turn. Upon closer inspection, the Gerudo man standing at the other end of the windowless room was not who I initially thought. Ganondorf was long gone and likely wouldn't return for another age at least.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">This man was much younger, likely in his twenties, not much older than me, with a thinner face bearing a neatly trimmed goatee that shimmered faintly in the torchlight. He wore his reddish-orange hair similar to his goatee, braided back along the sides of his head, with the same colors of beads interlocking the twists. His outfit included a long, black trench coat with red serpentine dragons snaking up the sleeves, beginning at the wrists. Large gold buttons kept the coat closed up to his sternum, which revealed only olive skin beneath it. At his sides were twin scimitars with jeweled ruby and emerald hilts, fastened to an ornate golden belt by thick, black leather loops. For a moment, the blades appeared only decorative at first, but upon at a second glance I knew the weapons had seen much use. He seemed to be wearing the same type of loose, baggy pants I'd seen other Gerudo wear, but they were jet black instead of creamy white. His boots, reaching mid-shin, were gilded at the toes and tops, and red dragon patterns similar to his sleeves were embroidered along the heel and calves.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, you are the little fox who severed my crewman's leg yesterday." Lukhan finally spoke, his voice a silky tenor laced with amusement and threat, like honey over a blade. "I must say, you aren’t what I was expecting. When they described you, I imagined some drunken harlequin fumbling through town. My men do not often flee from clowns, you see. They usually eat them for breakfast."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He approached my gear laid out on the chair like a collection of trophies, running his fingers over them with the familiarity of a man used to taking what he wants. His smile never reached his eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm...a colorful, radiant instrument. Charming. Two masks: one for a warrior, another for a humble deku scrub. A tragedy or a comedy, I wonder? Or perhaps both, depending on who's holding the stage."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Lukhan chuckled to himself, lightly tossing the masks back as if they were no more than toys. Then, reverently, he lifted my glowing bow. The admiration in his gaze sharpened into something colder—possessive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Now this... this is exceptional. I have held hundreds of weapons in my time. Bows gilded in the finest gold dust from the Goron Mines, spears taken from the master craftsmen of the Zora, axes built of metals mightier than a Grand Dodongo! But this absolutely </span>
      <span class="c35">stunning</span>
      <span class="c33"> piece of art is...well. It's the most beautiful bow I've ever seen. Yet, you carried no arrows? Why is that? Is this simply an... heirloom of sorts?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I remained silent and he continued talking.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm. I've been told it's a magic bow, by the men you threatened with no less. Yet, no matter what I did, it refused to bend to my will and show me any wonders other than it's glowing carapace. Therefore, I've concluded that my crippled minion is indeed a great fool and fully deserving of his fate, and that you are no more than an entertainer in the visiting circus show. Still, it is a beautiful piece..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Lukhan gently set the bow upon the chair and confidently strode across the room. He made for an imposing figure, and easily stood at least three heads taller than me. A cold chill seemed to sweep into the room, and I hugged my arms around my chest in a futile attempt to gain a fraction of warmth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"And you, my dear, are no less such a treasure…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Lukhan purred, his voice darkly amused as his gaze roved over me. I could feel his eyes lingering, drinking in my discomfort like fine wine. My stomach twisted as the words struck me with a subtle violence, like the press of a silk-gloved hand tightening around my throat. This wasn’t just a compliment—it was a claim. The man circled around me, looking down like a hunter examining a prize dog.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"More beautiful than the glass beaches of Alathor… though just as drenched, I see. I am sorry for your rough treatment, but it was necessary. You must be curious, about why you were brought to me, and just who I am, yes?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded slowly, suddenly all too aware of my wet clothes revealing the curvature of my body. Lukhan only smirked, seeming to enjoy my discomfort.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well then, I'll be happy to inform you. I am Lukhan, the leader of the Blood Wolves. If you don't know that name then I'm sure you'll be more acquainted with it soon. As for your purpose here, well. That's for me to decide..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The tall man put a hand on my cheek, and I flinched, uneasy of his ominous expression.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh you need not be afraid of me...as long as you continue to please me. Tell me, what is your name?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"L-Link…" I answered, unable to keep from shivering, as I was still drenched.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, hmm? Tsstsstss… that won't do at all. A poorly chosen circus name perhaps." Lukhan chided me like a stablemaster chiding a horse. "From this moment on, you shall be called Sinrah. Yes…. that fits you. Now, before we get you out of those horrid, filthy clothes, you will show me what skills you possess, though likely nothing impressive."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pirate boss placed his hands on my shoulders and firmly guided me to the throne. To my complete surprise he handed all of my items to me and sat upon the chair. My heart rapidly beat in my chest as I carefully took my mask in my hands, and I knew it was time for my escape.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well go on then, fool. Stop staring like a braindead gibdo and perform for me, show me what uses you have!" Lukhan's raised voice was tinged with venomous cruelty. "Do not anger me, or I shall send you downstream to my sister! I warn you, she's not as kind or forgiving as I am, Sinrah."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Without hesitation, I plunged my face into the mask, a final prayer flickering in the back of my mind—</span>
      <span class="c35">please, let this work</span>
      <span class="c33">. My heart thundered as the air around me seemed to thicken, and the magic responded, surging through me with a heat that drowned out the cold and fear. It was now or never., instantly feeling the changes taking place and growing strength. A moment later, I stood with sword and shield drawn before an extremely surprised Lukhan.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My name, is Link!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I said defiantly in my original, deep voice before lunging the razor sharp tip of my sword toward the slaver's heart. However, the man was much quicker than I had anticipated, and he rolled out of the chair before my blow struck. In a flash, Lukhan had both of his curved sabres out and slicing through the air for my neck. I raised my shield to deflect them while preparing my stance for another strike. Blade lashed against tempered Hylian steel, sending a jarring vibration up my arm and ringing out a sharp metallic clang that echoed through the chamber, and I responded in kind by stepping forward while slashing with an uppercut. I managed to carve a gash in his left cheek, and he leapt backwards, putting a hand to his face. As his hand came away bloody, the man smirked maliciously.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My my," Lukhan purred, the corner of his mouth curling upward with unsettling amusement, "you are quite the mystery, Sinrah. I haven't been so caught off guard in years! What other secrets do you possess, hmm?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pirate sneered, licked a finger coated in his blood, then his smile faded and his expression turned deadly serious.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Lovely girl or fearsome warrior, it matters not. You will die here this day, I assure you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With that comment, he came flying across the room with teeth bared and sabres poised to deal death. I blocked and parried blow after blow, using all my past knowledge to keep my body intact. Sparks flew as steel crashed against steel. His blades whistled through the air with each attack speeding to taste my flesh. Lukhan was no pushover, that was for sure, but he was nothing compared to the brute force and power of Ganon. I kept a cool head throughout the duel, pacing myself carefully, but my opponent was beginning to crack either from frustration or exhaustion. His precise strikes and fluid movement from the onset of the duel were now missing their marks. His footwork was becoming more predictable, and his breathing grew more ragged as the battle raged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What...are...you?!" Lukhan hoarsely sputtered, pronouncing each word with every hit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I chose not to answer, instead grounding myself in the rhythm of the fight—the shifting weight of my stance, the slick hilt in my grip, the heat of battle searing through my limbs. My silence only deepened his fury, each swing of his sabres landing with reckless strength but sloppier form. We circled each other, metal kissing metal in showers of sparks, until we were both gasping from exertion, sweat dripping into our eyes, our bodies trembling with fatigue. Lukhan staggered back at last, chest heaving. His amber eyes locked onto mine, wild and uncertain. The smug mask he wore before had cracked; in its place simmered a volatile blend of rage... and unmistakable fear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Aaahhhhrrghh!" He fumed, gritting his jaw, and charged me again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Finally, Lukhan made a fatal error, hurling all of his weight into one final, reckless charge. I pivoted hard, muscles tensing, sidestepping the bulk of his assault and driving the tip of my sword toward his chest for a killing blow. But he twisted mid-air like a serpent, the blade slicing through his side instead of piercing his heart. His own sabre caught my right shoulder in the motion, and a searing jolt tore through my arm—a burning, venomous sting that lanced deeper than steel alone should have. A sharp hiss escaped my teeth as we both cried out, our bodies bouncing off each other in a sickening exchange of flesh and metal.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Lukhan crashed into a laden table, snapping wood and scattering plates, half-eaten fruit, and spiced meats into a chaotic hail across the stone floor. His blades clattered loose, spinning into the dark corners. I staggered, vision doubling for a heartbeat, the pain in my shoulder pulsing hotter, as if fire were creeping under the skin. Without another word, the heavy chamber doors suddenly burst open.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sir, is everyth—? What the..! Who..?" the leader stammered, his bearded face blanching.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Unngghh… Don't just </span>
      <span class="c35">cough</span>
      <span class="c33"> stand there, Rastil! Kill her!" Lukhan growled from the floor, blood trailing from his side as he tried to rise, hand slipping in gravy and gore.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sir, is everyth-? What the..! Who..?" The leader's bearded jaw hung open in flabbergasted astonishment.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Unngghh… Don't just -cough- stand there, Rastil! Kill her!" Lukhan ordered, struggling to rise at the foot of the table.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I recognized my opportunity for escape and I took it, blood thundering in my ears as I propelled myself forward. My breath came in shallow gasps, the pulse in my wounded shoulder burning like a brand. The world narrowed to a single, desperate instinct: survive. taking advantage of the confused brute standing in the door and dashing toward the throne and scrambled to recover my things. Then I rushed the lead minion with my weapon ready to take him out. He rumbled towards me with a deadly whip blade drawn, the daze apparently clearing from his mind at the last second, but it was too late as my sword was already inches from his throat. After the edge sliced cleanly through beard and bone, I hopped over the now headless body and out into the hall, zooming to where Ratt was being held.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Determined to save my friend, I wouldn't hesitate to cut anyone else down who stood in my way, despite the burning wound in my shield arm. I did my best to retrace Rastil's path from when he brought me to Lukhan, and made my way towards the dungeon.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Fortunately, the halls and rooms I passed through were either storage spaces stacked with crates and barrels—reeking of oil, mildew, and gunpowder—or occupied by slouched figures too drunk or dazed to take notice. My boots skidded against puddles of spilled ale and scattered garbage as I limped forward, each jolt in my shoulder sending a white-hot lance through my arm. A few pirates mumbled half-hearted insults or raised tankards in mock salute, mistaking me for some apparition of war—too groggy or too drunk to react in time. My breathing was ragged, harsh in my ears, and the sweat mingling with blood on my brow made my vision blur at the edges.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Then, like a jagged knife across glass, a distant trumpet cry tore through the slumbering haze. The alarm. The spell of confusion shattered instantly—every half-lidded eye snapped toward me, expressions warping from dull amusement to wrathful intent. for arms and supplies, or filled with men and women far too drunk or groggy to really care about my intrusion A few even bumped into me and muttered something insulting or vaguely friendly, then stumbled off in a stupor. Of course, that was until a distant trumpet noise began to blare in alarm, after which every semi-conscious eye immediately turned on me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I bolted with all the speed I could muster, grateful for once of the maze-like corridors that at least gave me some distance from the mob of sloven thugs. Not long after, I found the dilapidated hallway leading to the stairs and took them down two at a time. Upon reaching the bottom, I could hear heavy footfalls and angry yelling coming from above, and I knew I was rapidly running out of time. To my dismay, however, the basement was totally empty! Derzo was gone and the barred metal door was partly open. Was I already out of time?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With a good kick of my leather boot, the door burst open with a loud metal clash against the stone wall. Yet the room was also completely empty! The manacles sat in several pieces on the stone floor, and the chains were thrown about in a tangled mess. They must've taken Ratt somewhere else since I had triggered the alarm! I backpedaled through the door and dashed back up the stairs in a panic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As soon as I reached the top, I smacked into the belly of an extremely obese pirate, the impact sending a jolt of pain through my injured shoulder and making me stagger back a step. My arm throbbed violently and I felt my breath hitch from the sudden flare of agony, nearly losing my footing as the stench of rot and alcohol slammed into my senses. I backed away, struggling not to gag, and he pointed a heavy mace toward me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Got yoo! Give it up, scrawny! *burp* Don't make me kill yoo…*belch*!" The clearly drunk bozo grunted with a toothy smile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not a chance, just go lay down before you get hurt." I responded in turn.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Fortunately for my wounded arm, I didn't have to fight the hefty drunkard. He grumbled and waddled along toward me and the stairs full steam ahead. All I had to do was simply step aside, and watch him take a tumble and roll down in an avalanche of fat and metal. I shook my head and continued down the old hallways, in the direction of some particularly excessive clatter and taunting. I could only hope that Ratt was putting up a fight, and it wasn't long before I came upon six of the fiends clustered around a closed door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Get out 'ere or yool be sorry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yer dead anyway, just make it easy, eh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Just come on out and we'll make it quick n' painless, yeah!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The Blood Wolves all jeered as they pounded on the door, the metal reverberating with a deep, resonant clang that echoed through the hallway like war drums. Each thud rattled the frame, sending dust cascading from the top of the doorframe and making my already frayed nerves buzz with tension.. Forgetting the pain throbbing in my right arm, I all but leapt into the distracted crowd. Shoving my sword into the largest of them, while at the same time using his weight to knock the others around like bowling pins, I cleared the doorway and pulled my sword from the collapsing thug to stand guard at the door. The others stood in stunned fury, and I finally recognized the body on the ground as Derzo. One of the thugs, a smallish man with one eye, abruptly yelled and ran at me brandishing a small sword. I set my jaw and with a forward thrust of my further-reaching blade, he dropped like a sack of flour. The others must've known that they were outmatched at this point, and they fled to get reinforcements. I was sure they'd be back in moments, so I turned to the door and tried kicking it in. Unluckily for me, it was barricaded on the other side. My foot reverberated back in agony, which of course only added to the raging fire burning in my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Godsdammit!" I barked furiously, and pounded on the door. "Hey, Ratt! Open this damned door!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Go away you idiot losers!" Rang a familiar female voice from the other side. "Wait...Link? Is that you?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl? What are you doing here?" I responded in astonishment.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh hold on…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A few indecipherable words later and after hearing something big scoot around, the door popped open with the tiny white fairy rushing out to greet me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Holy keese! I saw them take you, and came to save you. But when I got here, I was only able to find Ratt! I thought you were dead, or worse!" Tatl exclaimed joyously and, to my surprise, threw her arms around my neck in the closest thing her tiny body could manage to a hug. Relief washed over me in a sudden, almost dizzying wave, seeing that she was alright, and in that moment, it felt like a spark of strength reignited in my chest despite the blood loss and pain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I thought I was too, but they got sloppy. But you know me, I'm just as good at getting out of trouble as I am getting into it, haha urghh...!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pffft, true. But that's cuz I'm usually the one who gets you out of it, dummy. Geez! What happened there?" She pointed to my wounded shoulder, and I looked, noticing the entire area soaked in blood.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Just a scratch, no big deal." I smirked and tried to remain optimistic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft...no big deal....what a hero. Maybe we should've just escaped and let you take care of these guys then!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She joked, patting my face with her palm. Then Ratt crept out of the room, looking down in awe at the bodies of Derzo and the smaller thug.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh...wow! Who's this, Tatl? I thought you said it was Link?" Puzzled, Ratt gawked at me in uncertainty.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ohhh….yeah." The fairy only shrugged, "Look. It's a loooong story. I'm sure you'll hear it later, but for now we gotta get out of here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Agreed, I don't want to spend another second in this dump. And I'm pretty sure their boss wants my head, so the sooner we're gone the better!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right, uh...Link. Do you know the way out, Tatl?" Ratt asked, sounding dubious.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not unless you can fit through tiny holes in the roof...ughh. Why can't this place have a map?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Before I could answer, another alarm trumpeted, followed by even more shouting and running. I decided to grab Ratt, knowing Tatl would follow, and bolted in the opposite direction. I had no clue where we were going, but I knew we couldn't stay there. The blood loss must've been getting to me, each step growing heavier as my vision blurred at the edges and my breath came in shallow gasps, ebbing my strength away, so engaging in another bout of combat would likely mean my death.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, wait! What about that way?" Ratt pulled me back, gesturing to a hall behind us. "I thought I saw light coming from a window!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Sure enough, there was a window smudged in filth within a trashed room full of cots that could've been a bedroom at one point in time. Now it looked to be used for more...unsavory practices—stained cots, rusted manacles half-hidden beneath grimy sheets, and a musty reek of sweat and despair clinging to the damp air. Everything about the room whispered of pain and secrecy, of lives spent here unwillingly. And I couldn't wait to get out of it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good eyes, Ratt." I commended, "Uhhh… Let's find something to break it with, hurry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He nodded, keeping his confused expression, and we both went about the questionable chamber searching for a heavy object.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">Hmm paper...Tiny cloth bags… Sausage casings?… Stinky clothes, gross…. Coffee mug, maybe…</span>
      <span class="c33"> I silently talked to myself as I ransacked the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c42">More clothes… Tobacco pipes… A bottle of…. something? Ah perfect! An iron kettle!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Found something!" I called as I reached for the kettle sitting beside a cot.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">I grasped it off the floor with a gauntleted hand and hurled it through the window, which easily shattered with a loud </span>
      <span class="c35">CLASSHHH</span>
      <span class="c33">! We all rushed to the broken opening, and I heard someone alert the rest of our position not ten meters away. Tatl peeked over the edge and looked back to us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now or never, we're right on ground level!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt and I nodded and all three of us ducked out the window just as a squad of the Blood Wolves clambered into the room. Although it was still raining, we hit the ground running and turned onto a nearby sidestreet. Yet for some reason as we rounded the corner, Ratt suddenly stopped and pressed his back to the wall of a boarded-up stonework building, his breath coming fast and shallow. His eyes flicked back toward the way we came, wide and glinting with something close to panic. His jaw clenched and his hands tightened into fists at his sides as he peered around the corner, his shoulders hunched with barely restrained tension. It was the posture of someone steeling themselves for a reckless return—the kind you make when someone you care about might be left behind. I grasped his arm in annoyed impatience.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, where do we go from here?" I asked impatiently, urging Ratt to move. "Don't just stand there!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Look buddy! I don't know who you are, but there's an innocent girl in there who's in trouble right now! And I'm not leaving without her!" The boy whispered resolutely.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wha? No, I'm Link, you dummy. Tatl told you that already!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft yeah right, that was just a bad joke. But the funny business is over, ok? Now are you gonna help me or not?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I wasn't lying, goatbrain." Tatl chimed, flitting in closer. "This is Link, now let's-!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pixie went silent when we all heard several voices approach, and I wasn't going to wait around to let them find us. Especially since with each passing minute, I was growing weaker and more fatigued. I groaned in frustration and gripped Ratt's arm tightly and began to sprint down the street, dragging him along after me in the opposite direction of the advancing pirate rabble.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey wait! What..? Stop!" Ratt loudly objected.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I ignored his cries to go back, but he eventually simmered down as we fled through twisting alleys and winding streets slick with rain. Each footfall sent a jolt of pain up my right side, the wound throbbing hot and deep beneath my tunic. I was for once grateful for the downpour, not just for the cooling effect it had on my shoulder, but for the haze it cast over the city, masking us from the Blood Wolves' eyes. We had kicked the nest, and they would hunt us down like their namesake. If Lukhan lived—and I feared he did—he wouldn’t stop until I was back in his grip. He wasn't Ganondorf, but the dread that coiled in my stomach said he was close enough.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Eventually, after what felt like an eternity of weaving through the labyrinthine backstreets and narrow passages of the city, we emerged into the edge of the shopping district. The cobbled roads were slick with rain and lined with shuttered stalls and closed shopfronts, their signs creaking faintly in the wind. A few townsfolk darted beneath awnings or held sacks over their heads as makeshift umbrellas, their eyes briefly scanning our disheveled forms before quickly looking away. No one wanted trouble. Especially not the kind trailing behind us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I could barely keep my feet under me. My legs trembled with every step, my breaths were short, shallow, and rattling. My tunic clung to me, soaked in both blood and rain, the poisoned wound in my shoulder now radiating an inferno that pulsed with every heartbeat. Tatl clung to my uninjured shoulder, shouting something I barely heard through the pounding in my skull. I staggered into a side alley, vision swimming, and collapsed against a crate slick with grime and water, using it to stay upright as the world tilted and darkened around the edges.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, take off the mask! Your body can't handle it anymore!" Tatl exclaimed in worry, trying to peel my face off with her own hands.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded and shakily put a gauntlet up to my face. Ratt only glanced at me before starting to make his way out of the alley, but Tatl rushed over to stop him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, where are you going? You still gotta take us to that Goron!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not without Link, Tatl. Thanks for rescuing me and all, but this guy here is a jerk! If you really are her friend, you'll come help me."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Before he turned to leave, I managed to pull my mask off, fingers trembling as they gripped the cold, wet edges. The magic surged violently through me, twisting my form with a sharp, breath-stealing pain. My bones compressed, muscles shifting, armor straining against a reshaping body. I let out a strangled cry, the effort shredding the last thread of strength I had left, and began to revert back to my female body—shivering, rain-soaked, and barely conscious as nausea and exhaustion crashed over me in waves. Having no energy left, I collapsed to the watery ground, unable to move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Link?! Link was that really you?? Gods—you're hurt... you're </span>
      <span class="c35">really</span>
      <span class="c33"> hurt!" Ratt's voice cracked as he dashed to my side and dropped to his knees, cradling my head gently from the cold, rain-slick stone. His hands trembled as they brushed soaked hair from my face, and I could see the shock and guilt etched into every line of his expression. "No, no, no... stay with me, okay? You're gonna be fine. Just—just stay awake. Please."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I opened my mouth to answer, but I couldn't manage to get anything out other than a gasp, my throat tightening as a bitter copper tang coated my tongue. Pain pulsed in my skull, my limbs went numb, and the cold, slick stone beneath me seemed to rise up like a wave. The world blurred and tilted, swallowing me in black. quickly noticing my vision begin to darken. The last thing I saw before blacking out was Ratt's face etched with worry as he leaned over me…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
