<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_24"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.d00frry1h2p3">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Eight</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.6s8mbvhw0ul9">
      <span class="c14">Blood Dawn</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It was a beautiful morning in the small, peaceful village of Glendale. The sun was just popping up over the horizon, and early birds were chirping with playful glee as they chased their kin over a crystal clear lake. The blue skies were filled with big, white puffy clouds that were perfect for gazing at, and the town bells were happily welcoming the glorious spring morning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Caros was just an ordinary man, with a serene life as a fisherman who cherished quiet mornings by the lake and the simple joy of watching dragonflies skim across the water's surface. He was also happily married to a beautiful woman with two strapping boys and two lovely daughters. Caros had just finished gathering bait worms from one of the local mud holes and was tying off a sack filled with the slimy creatures, when a loud crack like thunder sounded behind him. The simple man jumped in fear and surprise, slowly turning to see an unnerving sight. A painfully gaunt, masked man wearing blood soaked clothing had appeared from thin air, and was now lying on the ground face up a few meters away from Caros.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Being the decent, kindly fella that he was, Caros rushed over to try to help the strange man.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey mister! Are you alright?" he shouted as he ran.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The masked man didn't answer at first, so Caros frantically checked to see if he was alive and searched for wounds. The man was breathing faintly, but there were gaping, bloody holes in the man's pant legs. Without a word, Caros ripped apart the fabric so that he could get a closer look and try to stop the bleeding. Caros was no healer, but perhaps he could sustain the man's life until the village doctor arrived.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Caros tried to tie off the large wounds, his hands trembling as he fumbled with the fabric. The blood was warm and slick, soaking into his sleeves. One of the legs looked grotesquely broken, the bone possibly snapped beneath the skin. Caros swallowed hard, stomach twisting at the sight. But before he could properly bind the injury, the limb began to contort and snap back into place with a series of sickening, wet crunches. He froze, eyes wide in disbelief as he watched the deep, gaping wounds slowly close themselves. The flesh knitted together with eerie precision, pushing out dirt and old blood like the body was rejecting its own trauma. It was like witnessing time reverse. Caros fell back onto his heels, gasping and pale, struggling to process what he had just watched. In mere moments, all traces of physical trauma were gone and looked as if nothing had happened at all, aside from the bloodied clothing and torn pant legs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Suddenly, the man sat up without a word, startling Caros even more. The horribly wide, yellow-orange eyes of the mask turned to Caros, and a deep, powerful voice resonated from behind the heart-shaped visage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Where am I?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Y-you're in Glendale, mister!" Caros shakily answered. "I found you lyin' here covered in blood, so I figured I'd try to help a fella out!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I need no help," the voice spoke again. "Not anymore."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shyeah, you seem to be in fine shape now. My name is Caros, what's yours, friend?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My name...can I finally recall...?" The man paused, seemingly lost in memory. "Yes. Yes...I know now..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Caros stared, a bit confused at the man's odd behavior, and gestured that he was waiting for the man to finish with a waving motion. The macabre mask began to resonate and became surrounded with a purple glow. The memories, long forgotten, returned in floods....dark...broken....</span>
      <span class="c35">glorious</span>
      <span class="c33">. The eerie eyes suddenly lit up in a fearsome display, like candles within a carved pumpkin, and glared into Caros's widening eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I am called...Majora."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The last thing Caros ever saw again was the masked man raising his hands toward him, a dark flash, and then nothing at all...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Majora stood over the smoldering remains of the foolish villager, his breath slow and deliberate. The acrid scent of charred flesh curled into his nostrils, sharp and satisfying. In this singular act of ruin, there was a bitter joy—a twisted catharsis. The silence that followed the blast echoed louder than screams. For the first time in millennia, Majora felt whole. Seen. Not by kin, not by gods, but by the universe itself—as if the world had paused, watching, remembering. His vengeance had begun, and with it, a terrible sense of purpose. The mask blankly stared as Majora stretched happily toward the sky. Those moronic kinsmen of his, daring to shatter Majora's will! They had feared what they could not control—feared the ancient power Majora had uncovered. His creation, this mask of darkness, was meant to be salvation: the prototype of he called Fused Shadow, forged through dark intent but guided by vision. With it, Majora would have restored their true homeland, the land Hylians arrogantly ruled over in smug laziness. He would have restored the greatness of his people. But they had seen only danger in his brilliance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The True Sheikah—his clan, his blood—had called him mad. Had turned on him. And in the end, they murdered him, and banished the mask into the Shadow Realm. Betrayers! Kinslayers!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The Sheikah Elders would feel his hate! Those traitors would perish in hellfire, again and again and again!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha!" Majora laughed, raising his hands to the sky. "I'll show them. I'll show everyone how terrible my wrath will be!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The earth began to rumble and dark foreboding clouds began to replace the fluffy white clouds as tendrils of darkness flowed from Majora, whose laughter only grew more sadistic and vicious.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The townspeople of Glendale began to scuttle about in nervous tension as the sky grew ever darker. After fire started to rain from said sky, the people shrieked in abject terror and fled in every direction. They failed to notice one lone, masked figure casually walking into town.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"My vengeance...hahhh... will begin with these pathetic villagers," Majora uttered beneath the mask.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He snapped his fingers, and suddenly a flaming whip was in his hand. Majora swung the whip at one unlucky villager, who was instantly cleaved in two and burned to cinders. The remains smoldered on the blackening ground as townspeople fled in horror. Majora's terrible laugh and the screeching townspeople could be heard from the farthest corners of the town, as its denizens were consumed in fires as hot as the sun.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Left and right, people were felled by the stranger's malevolent fury. Houses and shops burst into millions of burning splinters. Children vanished in flashes of fire, their laughter silenced in an instant, while women screamed as the heat devoured them like a storm sweeping through dry fields. Death and destruction followed in the stranger's horrendous wake.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">There was no mercy, and no remorse in Majora. For too long had he suffered, for too long had he been helpless, alone, afraid and friendless. He had sacrificed everything for his people! And what did he get in return? Madness! Exile! Loneliness! Suffering!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Now at last, after ages of despair, Majora was not alone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Every! Single! Creature!" Majora screamed in wild vehemence, flailing his whip with each syllable. "They will suffer with me, and know my pain!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Majora did not stop until everything around him was but ash and dusty embers. Then, and only then, did he nod his head in satisfaction, and disappeared into nothingness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">All that remained of the quaint, peace-loving village of Glendale was the wind and dust. Not even the lake survived, and was now a basin of cracked mud full of rotting fish. The skies were forever tainted with the color of blood, as though the heavens themselves bore witness to the horror and could not forget it, stained by the sheer ferocity of the massacre that had just occurred. As a final nail in the coffin, a curse was buried deep within the ground so that nothing would ever grow and flourish again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Such was the wrath of Majora...yet... in the silent aftermath, even Majora's triumph rang hollow. The mask stared out at nothing, and the soul within him felt only the echo of his own desolation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
