<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_26"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.h8rz9gsrq30l">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.vsd00zsrvv0e">
      <span class="c14">The Wild Side</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The sun had reached its apex by the time we left the lavish neighborhoods of west Clock Town, and the soothing coolness of the morning had been replaced by a humid heat. Although the terrifying moon had reappeared in the sky, looking almost as big as its heavenly counterpart, no one seemed to notice or care. The cobblestone streets crowded with townsfolk and tourists only seemed to increase the muggy temperature to a sweltering oven. Still, the sounds of merriment from various street performers, banter of happy, excited visitors, and shouts of vendors hawking their wares filled the air. Horse drawn carts full of cargo and people took up the center of the wide road, making the trek feel even more claustrophobic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt did his best to work out a way around the crowds as he pulled me along. The horde jostled us both every which way, and I felt like I was within a herd of cattle. Eventually, Ratt pulled me into a shaded alley that was mostly devoid of pedestrians and released my hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whew, I'm sorry about all this. I didn't realize the streets would be so crowded today." He spoke, peering out to the bustling road. "At this rate it'll be getting dark by the time we reach the south side…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Is there any other way? Surely you must know a shortcut or something?" Tatl chimed, flying in close to his face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Well...I dunno if it's a shortcut exactly, but this alley leads to a street that normally has little traffic. It's along the unofficial border between Midtown and Southside." He contemplated, scratching his sparse chin hair. "The only problem is, it's also an unofficial toll road for the Blood Wolves…. one of the </span>
      <span class="c35">worst </span>
      <span class="c33">gangs in town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt's face suddenly held a dark, somber expression as he blankly stared at the brick wall beside him. Something about the way his shoulders slumped, the distant look in his eyes unsettled me. I felt a flicker of unease, a quiet warning whispering at the edge of my thoughts. What ghosts was he seeing in that wall? And why did his silence make the air feel heavier?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Soooo we weigh out the better options." I reasoned out, breaking the heavy silence, "On one hand, we have a street overrun with people and carts, which is essentially a roadblock at this point. On the other, there's a relatively clear path, supposedly, but there's a risk of a fight. I think it's pretty obvious in my opinion."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah," Tatl twinkled in agreement. "Let's avoid all these rude tourists and take the easy road!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well...alright then, if you guys say so." Ratt stated and looked at my bow. "Maybe that might come in handy, just in case we do find some Blood Wolves."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I simply nodded, knowing the power of the weapon.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"By the way, I don't think I know your fairy's name? I'm kinda mad at myself for not asking sooner, ya know?" Ratt rubbed the back of his neck, apologetically peering at Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"His...er...I mean, her fairy!? I'm my own entity, kid!" Tatl rebuked and forcefully poked Ratt's nose. "Nobody owns me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK OK, my mistake!" He raised his arms to defend himself, turning to me. "This one certainly has more spirit than all the other fairies I've talked to!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You have no idea…" I agreed emphatically, "Tatl can be a huge handful. And I mean that in a very… endearing way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Me a handful?" Tatl turned her onslaught towards me. "You're the one who always gets into trouble, and I always have to come save you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I...hmm… Yeah I guess you have me there." I nodded, then felt a smug grin cross my face. "So no worries, Ratt. If we do run into these Blood Wolves, Tatl here will rescue us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha ha, you're so funny." Tatl rolled her tiny eyes. "You know your bow can take out any idiot who wants to take us on, no need for me to waste my energy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehe and if nothing else, you can scare them off with that mask." Our guide stepped closer, pointing to my belt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Huh?" I glanced down to see a big portion of my mask exposed. "Oh… this, um… is just... an ordinary mask I found, that's all."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I quickly adjusted its placement to hide it fully under my cloak. Ratt just smiled and shook his head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Eh, I don't think anything about you is ordinary, haha!" The boy laughed, shrugging his shoulders. "But fine, keep your secrets. In any case, we should get going don't cha think?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, lead on." I muttered, eager to get off the subject.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt nodded, ran to the other end of the alley, and peered around the corner, motioning for us to follow him. Tatl and I filed behind him and we were off.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The high walls of the surrounding buildings brought gracious relief from the sun. Although littered with rotting garbage in more than a few areas, the path was easy to navigate, much easier than the crowded streets anyway. Ratt wasted no time getting through the corridors, but noticeably became more and more uneasy the further we got. Finally, he stopped at the exit of a fairly dilapidated alleyway, and peeked into the street.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"OK, so this is the border. We gotta be careful here, these guys do not like the bombers… and particularly me, so it'd be best to not run into them." Ratt uttered quietly. "And I </span>
      <span class="c35">really</span>
      <span class="c33"> don't want them to find you... So just stick close to the walls, ok?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl and I both gestured in affirmation, and we all quickly turned onto the street, hugging close to the nearest homes and empty, boarded-up shops. Our guide constantly glanced around, worry was written all over his features. He suddenly veered off across the roadway toward a dark corridor and we dashed after him. Once Ratt made sure we were still with him, he ducked into the shadows. We prepared to follow, but the boy was suddenly launched back out to the street by some unseen force.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Ratt landed on the hard pavement with a loud </span>
      <span class="c35">'Ooof'</span>
      <span class="c33"> rolling a couple times before coming to a painful stop. I tried rushing over to help him up, but a bulky, tattooed man intercepted me, separating us. Two other men shuffled out behind the first, followed by a shorter one with a disfigured face covered in scars.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well well well… look who it is!" The scarred man sneered. "If it isn't our old pal, Rattie? Ooooo and he brought a pretty little pet with him, too!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt choked out desperately for me to run, but was cut short by one of the men kicking him in the stomach. The burly brute reached out to grab me, but I was too quick and nimbly leapt back. Without a word, I had my bow drawn and a fiery bolt nocked and pointed at the apparent leader.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Let him go, or I shoot!" I ordered in a commanding tone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What's this? A kitty with claws, eh?" The grotesque leader mocked, not taking my threat seriously. "Whatcha gonna do, yer outnumbered princess!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm, good question!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I replied, turning to the man standing over Ratt, and loosed the bolt at his leg, my heartbeat thudding in my ears. Rage flared through me—hot, instinctual, protective—but beneath it simmered a cold calculation. I couldn’t let them hurt him. Not again. Not anyone else. The assailant crashed to the ground a few feet away from the boy, screaming in agony as the flaming projectile exploded and shredded his leg to smoldering pieces. All three of the remaining gangsters stood there in fear with mouths wide, while their comrade shrieked, writhing on the ground clutching at what was left of his leg.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now let us pass," I growled menacingly, "Or next time I'll shoot to kill."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright alright!" The leader pleaded, holding his hands up in surrender. "We'll get our man and leave you be, right?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He ordered the remaining two brutes to pick up the whimpering mess and they began to retreat down the street.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But remember!" The scarred man shouted back at us before disappearing around a corner. "This isn't over, princess! You don't know who yer dealing with!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I scowled at the retreating cowards, and ran over to help Ratt up to his feet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Urggh…" He groaned, "I'm definitely going to feel that tomorrow…. I thought we were done for."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"They weren't the worst I've dealt with. Just common thugs. Are you alright? Is anything broken?" I asked, looking him over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Y-yeah I'll be fine, but….you... that was incredible! How did you even do that?" Ratt stared in awe at my gleaming bow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, yeah...this is a magic bow. The Great Fairy gave it to me as a thank you for saving her." I explained, re-slinging the weapon onto my back. "By this point it's saved my life countless times."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Gee… I bet!" He grinned foolishly before wincing at the pain in his stomach. "You really are something, you know that? I mean, I can only </span>
      <span class="c35">wish </span>
      <span class="c33">to be as courageous as you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, I don't think you do." I sadly disagreed, walking toward the shadowed alley. "It usually just gets me into more trouble than it helps anyone. It's….a curse."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Psshh, I don't think it's a curse. I think courage like yours is more valuable than any treasure. If half the people in town were like you, these gangs wouldn't even exist!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked around to face Ratt, expecting to find a sarcastic smirk on his face. But instead, what I saw caught me off guard—his eyes were steady, almost reverent, filled with an admiration that made my stomach twist. Something warm flickered in my chest, unfamiliar and uninvited. I didn't know whether to meet his gaze or look away. Part of me wanted to push it down, bury it deep—but another part, the quieter one, simply ached to understand it. I stood there in confusion until Tatl flew into my face, blocking my view of Ratt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hellooooo, can we get going now?" The fairy berated impatiently, "Remember our mission? Baby Goron? Geez it's like I'm dealing with children!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes...yes you're absolutely right, Tatl." I narrowed my eyes...blaming Ratt for stirring up these distracting feelings, and waved the boy ahead of me. "Lead the way, before we run into more trouble."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhm....r-right. Sure. No problem." Ratt answered and took point, but not before a rueful look flashed across his features. "It's not that far now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good." Came my tart reply.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Despite a restless Tatl buzzing around my head, I let Ratt get a few paces ahead before following. My feet moved automatically, but my chest felt tight, as if carrying a weight I didn’t yet see. The memory of his eyes lingered, and I hated how it made my thoughts tangle. Why was this bothering me so much? Why couldn’t I just brush it off like usual? I was more irritated with myself than anything, this kid was going to get me killed if I couldn't concentrate on the task at hand. Why was I so distracted in the first place? The idea angered me even further and I let out an audible '</span>
      <span class="c35">huff' </span>
      <span class="c34">of irritation</span>
      <span class="c42">.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What's going on with you?" Tatl softly interrupted my thoughts and landed on my shoulder. "We can ditch this guy if he makes you so upset. I'm sure we can easily figure things out without him."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No...ugh…..maybe...I dunno." I put a hand to my face in exasperation. "I have no idea what's going on. We should have just left him at the Clock Tower."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wellll… it's not too late. Just play your ocarina."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No...no I'm tired of starting everything over….Let's just get this over with and find out how to climb the mountains... I'm sure I'll be fine if I can just get out of town."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright, but I'll be keeping an eye on you. You've been acting pretty weird ever since the deku palace in the swamp."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl, there's nothing wrong with me." I grumbled in annoyance. "Just calm down and stop worrying about me, got it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fine, sheesh!" She indignantly leapt back into the air. "I was only trying to help, Princess Prissy-!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"-Hey, uhm… is everything all good back there?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt's voice interrupted, and I saw that had stopped before a wooden crate at the end of the alley.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, we're fine. Just....peachy." I mumbled as I closed the gap to the crate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heheh...OK then…" The boy laughed nervously, and then a sigh left his mouth. "Uh…hey whatever I said back there, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset y-."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don't... just…. don't." I cut Ratt short, holding up a hand to silence him. "Let's keep focused here. How long until we get to wherever we're going?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not far…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Great, after you then."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">One look at Ratt's face made it clear that he was hurt, but I turned away, pretending to not care as he headed out of the alleyway. A pang of guilt tugged at me for being so harsh on him, but I pushed it aside, telling myself he'd recover. The world was teetering on the edge, and I couldn’t afford to stumble over a boy’s wounded feelings... even if something in me wished I could. This world needed to be saved, and I really needed to be free of this damned curse, so one kid's feelings didn't matter compared to everything else. I couldn't afford to be preoccupied by Ratt's emotions. Still... he really was a brave kid. I shook my head and decided to study my surroundings, to concentrate on something else.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It was evening, and the sun drew ever closer to the horizon. Long shadows stretched from lantern posts and ramshackle rooftops. We were walking once again through dilapidated Southtown, but were in a different neighborhood I hadn't seen before. The streets, if you could call them streets, were more of muddy, rutted smears than they were roads. Garbage and waste were strewn everywhere, making the assault on all of my senses that much more potent. Many people here were armed in some way, brandishing weapons from crude batons to rusted swords. More than a few gave us cursory glances, as if they were deciding whether or not to rob us blind. Most chose to pass us by and ignore us, but one or two drifted in close with greedy eyes. I went for my bow in an attempt to warn them away, but it was only when Ratt called out to the potential thieves that 'we were with him' did they leave.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">There was something in his voice—smooth but sharp, like a grin wrapped in velvet. It wasn’t loud, but it </span>
      <span class="c35">cut</span>
      <span class="c33"> through the tension like a drawn blade. The way he held his posture, relaxed but not careless, gave the impression that he was someone used to surviving in rough company—and maybe even being liked for it. He radiated a kind of streetwise confidence that I hadn’t noticed before, like he was someone who had learned how to command a room without needing to raise his voice. Strange, to be sure, but I chalked it up to Ratt likely being one of them. Still, a flicker of doubt stirred in me—was he truly one of them, or just someone who had learned to survive among wolves? There was a thin line between trust and caution, and I wasn’t yet sure which side he walked. Maybe there was a certain comradery with poor people?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">In any case, it seemed we were soon approaching what I assumed to be our destination. A crowd of destitute beggars were cloying at each other to get into one of the larger, more sophisticated dwellings along the path. Inconspicuous, unmarked wagons and austere horses were secured to various posts on the sides of the windowless two-story building. There was smoke pouring out from two of its chimneys, carrying with it the mouth-watering scent of roasting meat. Yet aside from everything else, the surface of the shack was rather bare and stark in appearance. I lost my train of thought as Ratt suddenly turned a corner at the edge of one of the huts before the lively house, waving at us to follow him quickly, and ducked behind the back wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So...this is it." Ratt muttered when we joined him behind the hut. "Once we get in, it's probably best that you let me do the talking. If I find out where the Goron is, I'll tell you so you can finally be rid of me ...and I won't bother you ever again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He started heading to the back of the bigger shack, his face devoid of any emotion. I sighed mentally, my thoughts caught between frustration and something softer. A strange flicker of guilt—or was it fear of losing whatever fragile connection we’d begun to build—tightened in my chest. Before Ratt could take another step, I reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder to stop him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok ok...Look...I… I'm sorry." I said gently, unable to rid myself of sympathy for his obvious sadness. "I didn't mean to treat you so harshly. You are just trying to be helpful, and I'm…well… not used to…. being like this. My life in this world has been, umm… let's just say different. Either way, you don't deserve to be spoken to as poorly as I did earlier."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ya know…" Ratt paused, then turned around to look me in the eye. "I wasn't sure at first, but I knew there was a warm heart in there somewhere. I just had to draw it out of hiding, hehe!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The boy winked, cracking a wide smile which I couldn't help but share. But then his face took on a more somber expression.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"In all seriousness though, thank you for...uh, apologizing I guess. I can't imagine that it'd be easy to open up for someone like you. I have no idea what you've been through, but it sounds horrible. So, I appreciate it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I didn’t know what to say to that. His sincerity unsettled me more than his teasing ever had. I felt the warmth of his words curling around something tender inside me—something I hadn’t realized I’d hidden.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oookay, this touchy feely stuff is great and all!" Tatl huffed and hovered between us. "But don't we have a thing to do here?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah yeah, Tatl, we're going!" I shooed the pixie away from my face. "I just needed to say my piece, to ease any tension."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft...right. I know exactly what's going on." She groused to herself, then scowled at the boy. "Hmph! Whatever. As soon as we're done here and out of this city, we can get on with our other, extremely important mission! Which doesn't include dumb, helpless children like you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl viciously poked at Ratt again before flitting behind me, uttering foul expletives under her breath. Her wings flickered more sharply than usual, and she buzzed close to my ear with the kind of energy she only got when something really bothered her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhhh, what's going on?" Ratt asked, clearly sharing my confusion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nothing! Get going, bomber boy! We're wasting time." Tatl responded before I could.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I simply shrugged, and Ratt shook his head before heading in the direction of the shack. Tatl remained silent, probably for the best.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We ended up going to the back of the shack, where there was a plain, whitewashed door guarded by two well-armed guards clad in thick armor who stood with the posture of skilled warriors. Ratt asked me to wait and walked up to the door, whispering something to the intense guards that were both at least two feet taller than him. One bent down, nodding gruffly before opening the door, and Ratt waved us over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Both peered down at me in suspicion as I passed, almost daring me to make a false move, but remained at ease like grim, unwavering pillars until we were inside. The interior of the shack was much different from the unremarkable exterior. We had entered at the back of a large, busy kitchen judging from the ovens, cauldrons, and counters full of food. There were two hallways on either side leading out from the kitchen, and were neatly lined with luxurious, decorative rugs. A plump woman wearing an apron barked orders to scrawny, malnourished men as they scrambled to fulfill those demands. Slender young ladies, with heavily made up faces and dressed in opulent kimonos, quietly scuttled into and out of the kitchen. They laboriously hauled bottles of liquor, jugs of wine, dirty dishes, and heaping trays of food down the left corridor, where cacophonous sounds of laughter and obnoxious fighting resonated through the building.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">No one gave us a second glance, being so busy, and Ratt pulled me away, guiding us down the other hallway. Most of the servants ignored us and shuffled by without a glance, with the exception of the hefty overseer, who only eyed us with mild curiosity.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK, so this place can be very dangerous. It'd be best to stay quiet, this guy pretty much owns everyone in here, and I definitely know he would try to employ you if given the chance…" Ratt said in hushed tones. "But he's the best chance we've got at finding this Goron."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Slaves?" I whispered harshly, the idea seeming barbaric. "How does he get away with that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shhhh!" Ratt shushed with a finger to his lips. "They aren't slaves, just servants. Most of them chose this life and get paid with food and shelter... And, trust me, this is much better than the life of actual slaves."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I was a little shocked, wondering who could ever choose this living. I kept thinking of the word Ratt wouldn’t say—'slaves'—as I watched the girls glide past with their painted masks and tired eyes. They looked too young to have chosen anything.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked back at Tatl, who hovered right behind me and seemed to be troubled about something, until she caught me checking on her. She immediately glared at me, her wings giving an irritated flutter, and turned away with a sharp huff—her glow dimming slightly like a candle flickering in protest. There was a wounded pride in the way she moved, and something close to jealousy etched into the curl of her flight. I rolled my eyes, knowing she would let me know what her problem was sooner or later, and focused on Ratt. He had stopped a couple feet before a gilded door protected by a tall, lean man wearing leather armor, and motioned me to stop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The man guarding the door wore an eye-patch over his left eye, with a deep scar trailing down to his chin beneath it. He had jagged features and a thin, lumpy nose that revealed it'd been broken many times over. His good eye was dark, holding a fierce malice within, and it bore down on Ratt as the boy approached.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I need to talk to Mutoh." Ratt stated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The guard cracked his leatherbound knuckles, then fingered the daggers sheathed on his hip. After a tense moment, he grunted, then pounded on the door. Seconds later, a muffled voice sounded from the room beyond.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What did I tell you about disturbing the master? Do your job, you idiot, and stop bothering us!" chided the faint, raspy voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The man only furrowed his brow and hammered the door harder. Only then did the door crack open from within and the frail, withered face of an old man thrust out from the gap.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I swear to the gods that if you bang on this door again…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The elder threatened in a voice that sounded like a dead tree creaking in the wind. His frame, hunched and draped in dark, tattered robes, gave the impression of fragility... but there was something unsettling in the way he moved, coiled and precise, like a retired predator who still remembered how to kill. Scars traced his hollow cheeks, and his knotted fingers clenched the doorframe with surprising strength. When he saw Ratt, his crinkled eyes narrowed and his thin lips twisted into an evil sneer.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why, if it isn't the little Ratt!" the old man hissed. "What do you want, come to beg for my forgiveness?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Our quarrel was settled, Grisane, and you know it," Ratt replied decisively. "I need to talk to Mutoh."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Take care with your tone, boy. You may be a favorite around here, but I've killed for far... far less...-" the gnarled elder warned, but was suddenly interrupted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Grisane! Who's making all that racket out there?" a deep, boisterous voice called from within the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ughhh… this isn't over, pondslime…" Grisane spat at Ratt before turning to answer. "It's Ratt, m'lord! Shall I order him to leave?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nonsense! Let the boy enter, you old fool!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Grisane opened the door a bit wider, and the sinister-looking guard stepped to the side. We began walking toward the door when Grisane held up a withered hand to halt us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Only you, runt. Your little friend can't come in," he smoldered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt nodded to me, said he'd be OK in the room, and went inside with the door slamming shut behind him. The doorman shifted back to his original position, watching me with his one eye. He made no other expression aside from a frigid intensity, and made no effort at conversation. I decided against talking to Tatl, who was still sulking beside me. Saying the wrong thing in this place could get us all killed anyway. So, I simply studied the elegant hallway to pass the time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It really wasn't a horrible looking place, and likely rivaled even the mayor's residence. The soft, white carpets underfoot were spot-free, and had patterns of red and blue diamonds going down the center of the hall. Silver wall sconces, complete with gleaming sapphires for bottom decorations, neatly lined the walls and provided a cheery amount of light despite the lack of windows. Pictures, arranged evenly between the lit sconces, presented finely dressed people standing with somber expressions in dark rooms. Seeing nothing else of interest, I leaned up against the wall and waited for Ratt to eventually come out. My thoughts wandered in the silence. I found myself caught between suspicion and the faint pull of trust. Who was he really? A scrappy survivor, or something more? The stillness of the hallway offered no answers, only the sound of the guard’s quiet breathing and the slow, uncertain beating of my heart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, I don't like this place," Tatl finally whispered, drifting up to my shoulder. "Why would that kid bring us here? I mean, for all we know he could be trying to sell us to these crooks!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"He wouldn't do that, at least... I don't think he would. But if they do try to enslave us, I won't hesitate to do everything I can to get out," I said, patting my mask on my hip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Hmmph… right. If you still </span>
      <span class="c35">can</span>
      <span class="c33"> use that anymore…" she mumbled in irritation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What's that supposed to—"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Thankfully, we were interrupted by the door cracking open just enough to let Ratt out. His demeanor seemed troubled, but he sidestepped the guard and walked over to me with a small smile.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, good news," he informed me as we walked down the fancy hall. "The Goron kid was apparently kidnapped by a thief named Sakon. He sold the poor kid to one of Mutoh's thrift shop owners on the east side of town. Mutoh said we're free to take him back to the Gorons—he doesn't want a war with 'em."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Huh... I guess that </span>
      <span class="c35">is</span>
      <span class="c33"> pretty good news. But, umm… what's the deal with you and these people? You don't seem like the sort of person to go along with… this kind of thing." I gestured to the painted-up servants rushing about.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh, well… I'd rather not get into it," Ratt grimaced. "You have your secrets, and I have mine."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">There was something in his voice—an old wound dressed with a fresh smile. It wasn’t deflection so much as survival, the kind of softness someone carries like armor. For a brief moment, the facade slipped, and I glimpsed the boy behind the masked smile: someone who had once been powerless, and who had learned to become charming just to stay alive. I didn’t press further.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Okay, fair enough."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I chose to change the topic to something less controversial as we exited the mysterious building. The sun was long gone and stars glimmered overhead, and I could see Tatl was worn out and practically sleep flying. I held back a yawn, beginning to feel drowsy myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So... I think we're all getting pretty tired here. What do you say we find a place to turn in for the night?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yes, that's exactly what I was about to ask you two, hehe!" Ratt chuckled, stifling a yawn. There was something charming about the way he still tried to keep things light, even after what had likely been a draining encounter. "But definitely not anywhere near Southside. I usually sleep at the club hideout, but no one would allow me to even talk to you about it… uhh… like I just...heh... did."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh...right. Those stupid club games... I already know about it. I've been there, too. Living in a sewer is nothing impressive… no offense."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait… really?" Ratt sputtered in disbelief. "How did you even find it? How did you get past the boys? How did Jim not even find out about it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Trust me, that's a story you don't want to hear." I groaned. "Anyway, I'm sure you'll want to go back to your hideout. I think we'll go sleep in the park."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well… at least let me escort you there. Even though you could probably handle anything that wanted to mug you," he added with a grin that was half-joking, half-worried. His voice softened slightly. "Still. I'd feel better seeing you safe."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fine, we'll follow you to the north park, but then you'll have to go somewhere else," I stated, uncomfortable with the idea of him staying with us. Yet, even as I said it, a part of me felt reluctant to send him away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, we can take care of ourselves!" Tatl spoke up, suddenly more awake, a little sharper than necessary. Her wings flared slightly, and she positioned herself between me and Ratt—subtle, but unmistakably protective.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh sure? That's no problem, hehe… Let's hurry on up then so you both can get some rest," Ratt said, still smiling, though a faint shadow passed behind his eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We all walked in brisk, yet tired silence the rest of the way. Most of the paths were clear of beggars, but there were more than enough quickly moving shadows to keep me on edge. I was grateful that we were swiftly out of the Southside district, passing through Midtown and the empty shopping district with ease. Ratt occasionally glanced over his shoulder, as if checking for danger—or perhaps checking on me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Eventually, we reached the northern park around midnight. Tatl was already asleep on my shoulder, her light dim and her breath slow. I told Ratt that we'd be fine as I headed for a tree.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright, don't worry about finding me in the morning, I'll catch up with you." He yawned before gently patting my hand, his touch light but lingering—just enough to stir something warm and uncertain in my chest. I wasn’t sure if it was comfort, gratitude, or something else entirely, but I held onto the feeling as he turned to go. He hesitated, like he might say something more, but only smiled instead. "Get some sleep… Link."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As he walked away, disappearing into the dark, I watched him go longer than I meant to. Tatl stirred slightly, her tiny body curling closer to me in sleep. I sluggishly clambered up the nearest fully grown tree, trying to shake the strange ache in my chest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Once on a large branch that was sturdy enough for my satisfaction, I curled up along it with my back firmly against the trunk. Tatl gave one final murmur and drifted again into slumber. I closed my eyes, but the memory of Ratt’s hand on mine lingered longer than I wanted to admit. Eventually, sleep took me too, quiet and heavy, drawing me into the hush of the stars.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
