<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_12"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.wlkrjawgab49">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Fifteen</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.asuqgiqvp53q">
      <span class="c14">Troublesome Town</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The hum of Clock Town's South District swallowed us whole. I just barely managed to keep up with Tatl as the darting fairy zigzagged through the crowded backstreets. The buildings here leaned closer, casting long shadows that never quite lifted even under the noontime sun. Faded paint peeled from old signs, and warped awnings sagged with grime. Stalls clustered in tight rows, their vendors more sullen than cheerful, hawking wares with weary calls that sounded more like warnings. The scent wasn’t grilled meat and sweets anymore—it was smoke, oil, old bread, and something slightly metallic that lingered too long in the nostrils.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Without my mask, I wasn’t particularly intimidating. I had to practically dance through the cluster of townsfolk, dodging elbows and stepping over crates, sleeping dogs, and half-rotted fruit spilling from busted carts. My smaller frame got jostled constantly, and I was tossed to and fro as the crowd surged around me. Tatl must have seen me lagging behind, because I caught sight of her hovering just above a quieter alleyway a few meters ahead, her glow dimming with a rare stillness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I finally burst free from the knot of bodies, chest heaving slightly, and found Tatl hovering in place above a narrow, dim corridor choked with shadow. Her glow pulsed in sharp, cautious flickers, her eyes locked on something ahead. I started to ask why she’d stopped so abruptly, but she raised a tiny, pale hand to shush me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"There it is again! Listen..." she whispered, wings barely fluttering.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stilled beside her, letting the city's din simmer into background noise. Distant shouting. A drunken laugh. The rattle of a cart wheel catching a stone. But under it all, barely audible—like a breath beneath a storm—I heard it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Help... someone help me..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl turned sharply toward one of the cement walkways branching off the main road. It was narrow, shaded, the kind of place no one paid attention to unless they were already lost.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It sounds like it’s coming from over there," I said, gesturing. "But... don’t we have somewhere to be? There’s bigger fish to fry in the swamp."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl whirled around to face me, arms crossed. "Was that supposed to be a joke? Way to poke fun at someone else’s misfortune."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her glare faltered as I raised an eyebrow, amused.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, don't give me that look! You know what I meant. Come on. If someone’s in trouble, we check it out. That’s what heroes do, right?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey! There are more important things, Tatl! This is a city—there's always going to be trouble somewhere." I crossed my arms. "And besides, when did you start caring? You usually just mock people’s pain—mine included. What's with the sudden conscience, huh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl zipped up to my face, wings buzzing in irritation. Her mouth opened, ready to snap back—then closed again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Maybe it's because I'm trying to save my brother." Her voice cracked as her anger dimmed into something quieter. "And... maybe... I'm trying to save myself."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I blinked, caught off guard by the honesty.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What do you mean? As long as you stick with me, the moon won’t fall on you—if that’s what you’re afraid of."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, that’s not it!" she snapped, exasperated. "You don’t get it, Link. I've done terrible things. I helped Skull Kid—I laughed at his pranks, I encouraged him! And now... after everything we saw, after what he became... I can’t just pretend I wasn’t part of it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She hovered uncertainly, then added in a hushed tone, "I need to do something right. Even if it’s small. Even if it’s just helping one person."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Before I could respond, another pained cry rang out, sharper this time. A gruff voice followed: "Shut up, wimp!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl flinched, wings quivering.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I exhaled slowly and gave a reluctant nod. "You’re right. I haven’t exactly been thinking clearly either. Heroes don’t get to pick who’s worth saving. Everyone matters. And… if you’re trying to make things right—then I respect that, Tatl."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Her glow softened. Together, we crept to the corner of the walkway. I leaned against the wall of a crumbling stone house and peeked around.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The person calling for help, a boy around my age it looked like, was cornered several meters down an alleyway, surrounded by three older men who looked more like castoffs from a rotting pirate ship than citizens of a peaceful town. One of them shoved the boy against a wall, laughter thick with menace. I couldn’t see the kid’s face yet, just his tangled black hair and thin limbs curled protectively.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl's light strobed in anger, casting a flickering glow across the shadowed alley walls. I reached instinctively for the mask at my belt. Time to be a hero again—or so I thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">No one else bothered to help the boy, it seemed. The few shameful cowards that strolled along the walkway outside the alley pretended not to see, skirting the confrontation with their eyes fixed on the ground. I glared at them, disgusted by their indifference, by the way they made themselves ghosts in the presence of violence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You have to go help that kid, Link!" Tatl shouted, her voice sharp in my ear like a cracked bell.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Owww! Geez! Not so loud!" I flinched and covered my ear. "I can hear you just fine without the audio assault."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sorry, but look! We gotta help! Those creeps are twice his size! Who knows what they're gonna do to him!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, yeah, I'm on it... hang on."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I reached for my mask, fingers brushing the smooth wood where it hung at my belt. I braced myself for the usual pull—the searing heat, the painful twist of bone and flesh that marked my transformation. I pressed the mask to my face... and nothing happened. Cold wood. Dead weight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My heart thudded once in confusion. I lowered the mask, turned it in my hands. It looked fine. I tried again. Still nothing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What's wrong? Why isn't it working?" Tatl asked, panic creeping into her voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't know... Do you think the salesman tricked us? Maybe it was only supposed to work once?" I muttered, shaking the mask as if that might jolt some forgotten magic back into it. "Feels useless now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But why would he lie? He needs you to get his mask back. What would he gain by screwing you over?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good point," I muttered. "Maybe it needs time to recharge."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">Tatl hovered closer, wings twitching anxiously. "You </span>
      <span class="c35">did</span>
      <span class="c33"> wear it for a long time. The Salesman said it draws from your spirit. If you used too much of yourself... maybe you need to recover before you can transform again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The boy cried out again, his voice ragged and desperate—a raw, unfiltered panic that sliced through the chaos of the alleyway. It hit me like a gut-punch, bypassing reason, bypassing fear. I placed the useless Hero’s Mask back on my belt, my hands trembling with frustration. My soul—my </span>
      <span class="c16">self</span>
      <span class="c8">—was still too hollow to summon its power.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I wasn’t just powerless.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was trapped in the wrong skin again, and someone needed saving.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I froze for a heartbeat, listening to the pitiful cries echo from deeper in the alley. My body—slight and lithe, foreign and fragile—offered no reassurance. These weren’t just schoolyard bullies. These were grown men. Monsters, really. Hardened criminals with blood on their hands and no fear of consequence. I couldn’t fight them head-on. Not like this.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">But I did have the bow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">Hey, we can’t just stand here and do nothing!” Tatl zipped in front of me, her wings flickering with urgency. “You’ve gotta stop them!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Ugh... fine. But if I get pummeled, I’m blaming </span>
      <span class="c16">you</span>
      <span class="c8">."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She didn’t argue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sprinted toward the alleyway, my pulse thundering in my ears. The scene slammed into me like a blow to the chest. The group of brutish men—grimy, mean-eyed, and thick with cruelty—had already worked the boy over. He was crumpled on the ground, one arm twisted awkwardly beneath him, the other draped over his head in a feeble attempt at defense. Blood smeared the cobblestones near his mouth, and his breath came in short, panicked gasps. The men loomed above him like vultures, laughing, kicking at his sides with sick delight, savoring every flinch. I couldn’t yet see his face clearly, but he was scrawny—fragile in a way that made their assault feel monstrous.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I skidded to a stop just outside the mouth of the alley. Their stench hit me even from the entrance, a vile blend of body odor, sour ale, and the metallic tang of blood. Every instinct screamed at me to run—but I squared my stance, drew a shaky breath, and stepped into view.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey!" I shouted, voice wavering. "Leave that kid alone!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The words left my mouth brittle and too high-pitched, barely cutting through the suffocating silence of the alley. They bounced off the bricks like glass shattering—delicate, ineffective. I winced at the echo, hating how weak I sounded, how far I'd fallen from the commanding presence I once took for granted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The degenerates turned toward me, halting their assault on the collapsed boy. He lay in a crumpled heap near the alley wall, blood streaking from his mouth, his limbs limp and unmoving. Upon seeing me, the attackers erupted into derisive laughter, clearly mistaking my smaller frame for weakness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Leading them was a greasy, unsavory man with matted, orangish hair slicked to one side and pustules peppering his unwashed face. His yellow chaps were stained and frayed, and his boots were so worn the soles flapped. Two rust-pocked cutlasses hung at his waist from a scarred leather belt. His torso, glistening with sweat, was only half-covered by a black vest emblazoned with a faded skull insignia, parted to expose his hairy, grime-caked chest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wahaha! Lookie here, boys! Fresh meat!" he bellowed in a grating accent, clearly amused. "The cute mouse thinks she’s gonna tangle with alley cats, huh? Let’s show ‘er how we play, Zip."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A towering brute stepped forward, easily twice my size. A jagged scar tore through his left brow, and crude ink covered his thick arms in twisted designs. His eyes, bloodshot and sunken, traveled over me with vile hunger. He licked his cracked lips as he drew a curved knife from the folds of his grimy coat, stepping over the injured boy like he was a pile of garbage.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heheheh… You’re right, Faz," he sneered. "C’mere, sweet thing. I like my meat rare."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c33">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">He advanced slowly, savoring the moment with a sick grin that promised more than just violence. The way his eyes lingered on me wasn’t just predatory—it was possessive, calculating. Behind him, the rest of the gang snickered, their amusement cruel and cold, emboldened by the thought of what Zip might do once he got his hands on me. My breath hitched; terror had me by the throat, curling cold fingers down my spine. But even as panic tried to root me to the ground, instinct surged up and overrode it. I yanked the Great Fairy’s bow from my back, my fingers trembling, slick with sweat, my pulse thudding in my ears. </span>
      <span class="c34">The leather grip pressed into my palm, grounding me. The polished wood thrummed beneath my fingers like it recognized me, like it was waiting. </span>
      <span class="c8">I held my ground, heart pounding, breath shallow. Even afraid, even trembling, I wouldn't let them see me break.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">If you come one step closer to me, I swear you'll regret it!" I shakily warned, terrified to find out exactly which images played through the gangsters' sick minds. The men laughed at my threat, hearing the fearful quaver in my voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Faz threw his head back and roared with laughter. "Shoot what, darlin’? You ain’t got any arrows! That’s just a pretty stick!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As Zip took another step forward, menace radiating from his hulking frame, I instinctively drew the string. Once again, a brilliant shaft of light flared to life—startling, radiant, alien. I gasped, still unfamiliar with the magic of the bow, but I didn’t lower it. I let the bolt loose with practiced release of the drawstring.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">FWAAAAHHHSSSSSsss</span>
      <span class="c8">!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Zip halted mid-step, his eyes bulging wide in pained surprise. He looked down to find that the searing beam of light had punched straight through his chest like a lance of molten glass. A smoking, cauterized tunnel cut clean through flesh and bone, the air instantly thick with the choking stench of scorched leather and charred meat. My stomach lurched as the acrid heat clawed its way into my lungs. The edges of the wound hissed and spat, tiny sparks arcing from the seared hole like embers dancing off a forge.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">The man gasped, a wet, rattling sound, and spat a splatter of dark blood onto the cobblestones. His sword clanged to the ground. For a heartbeat, he stood—then his knees buckled. His hulking frame toppled forward with a deafening </span>
      <span class="c35">THUD</span>
      <span class="c33">, kicking up a puff of dirt and ash. One last twitch... then silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The other thugs froze. All their cruel bravado drained in an instant. They stared at me—not with anger, but with true, visceral horror. And for the first time... they looked afraid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wha... you... you fracking killed 'im! My goddess-damned BEST MAN!" Faz cried, voice shrill and cracking with disbelief.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">I stood there stunned, the bow still humming softly in my grip. That wasn’t my intention. I hadn’t even </span>
      <span class="c35">known</span>
      <span class="c33"> the weapon could do that. The power of it... the raw, merciless power had taken even me by surprise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I exhaled slowly, shaking, finally releasing the breath that had locked in my chest. My fingers still quivered around the grip. Swallowing hard, I lifted my chin and met the thugs’ horrified gazes with steel in my eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I warned you," I said, voice low and cold, the fear now buried beneath something sharper. I pulled the bowstring again, another bolt of light flaring to life between my fingers, humming with deadly promise. "Let the boy go. Or you're next."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The renegades scrambled over each other as they tried to flee down the alley, leaving Zip's still warm corpse behind. Tatl hovered silently over my shoulder, wings humming low, her usual sharp commentary replaced with stunned silence. The boy they had cornered—the one I had thought barely conscious—dragged himself upright with a sharp wince. He limped over to the body, fists clenched, and with a cry somewhere between pain and triumph, kicked Zip’s corpse with all the strength he could muster. The dull thud echoed in the alley. Thick, red blood poured from the gaping wound, snaking between cobblestones before vanishing into a nearby gutter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Take that, you sick bastard!" the youth spat, his voice raw. "You deserved every bit of pain you got!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Up close, I could see the damage the gang had done to him. His blue cotton shirt was torn at the seams, clinging to a frame that was wiry and bruised. The white vest he wore—frayed at the edges—had the number "three" stitched in red thread on the back, identifying him as one of the Bombers. His baggy dark blue trousers hung awkwardly on his slim frame, the waistband cinched with a rope instead of a belt. He looked about my age—seventeen, maybe eighteen—but carried the hardness of someone older. His black hair stuck out in scraggly tufts, tangled and damp with sweat. Grey-green eyes, sharp and intelligent despite the swelling, scanned the alley as if still expecting more danger. A bruise blossomed along his cheek, and a darkening black eye turned his gaze into a lopsided scowl. His jaw was squared with stubborn pride, and despite the limp and the bruises, he stood like someone who refused to stay down.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">After he was finished kicking and stomping on Zip's lifeless body, the boy turned toward me, breath ragged and chest heaving, his sea green eyes burning bright with disbelief and awe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You... you saved my life," he said, voice hoarse, cracking not from weakness but from the weight of it all. Tears spilled freely now, tracking down bloodied cheeks. "You have no idea what they were going to do to me... what this sick bastard was going to do to me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He lashed out again at Zip’s body, his foot striking the limp corpse with a vengeance that echoed like a punctuation mark. Tatl flinched, her light flickering as she hovered back a few inches—not out of fear of the boy, but from the sudden return of brutality after such a surreal stillness. "Okay, whoa... I don't know what he was about to do, but kicking a dead body won't help you feel better," Tatl said, hovering cautiously, her usual snark blunted by the weight of what had just happened. Her glow remained dimmer than usual, as if reflecting the lingering shock in the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh... you’re welcome," I murmured, uncertain, eyes still locked on the smoking remains of my enemy. "I didn’t mean to kill him though. I just wanted to scare him off..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Don’t you dare regret it," the boy growled, voice suddenly hard and steady, though his hands trembled. "This guy was... not human. He was a monster. They all were."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">His fists clenched, knuckles white with rage and memory. He shook from the weight of it, then exhaled long and slow—as if purging poison from his lungs. And then, as if drawn by some instinctual pull, his eyes landed on the glimmering blue bow slung over my shoulder. </span>
      <span class="c8">For a moment, all the pain slipped from his face, replaced by something raw and reverent. A flicker of awe, like he'd just seen magic for the first time—and couldn't quite believe it saved him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So... I haven't really seen you around? We usually catch wind pretty quick of strangers with magical weapons." The boy stepped forward, wiping the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. His lank black hair fell across his brow. He was maybe a few inches taller than me in my current form, with a wiry, restless energy behind his dark eyes. He extended a scraped, calloused hand, muscles thin but coiled like a street cat ready to bolt or pounce. "Name's Ratt."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm... Link," I replied, giving his hand a light shake. His palm was rough with dirt and old scars.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Huh? Really? Weird name for a girl—but kinda awesome. Like, 'stick-it-to-em' awesome."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why does everyone say that? What's wrong with my name?" I sighed, sharper than I meant to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh! I didn't mean it like that! Just... sounds bold, y'know? Like something you'd shout from a rooftop." Ratt rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "So, uh... where are you two headed?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl finally piped up, snapping out of her stunned silence. "We're going to the swamp. And we're outta time to talk about it—it's already three thirty, according to the Clock Tower!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The sunlight had thinned into amber veins across the alley walls, casting long, slanted shadows through the grime. A breeze pushed the stench of mildew and fried oil past us, and the murmur of distant bells reminded me how little time we had.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The swamp? Seriously? You know there's a monster out there poisoning everything, right? People go in and they don’t come out."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, we heard something like that. But we’ve got our reasons." I turned on my heel, cloak whipping behind me. "Thanks again... and stay out of trouble."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">As I turned, my cloak shifted and revealed the Hero’s Mask at my hip.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa! That mask is awesome! Looks all brave and fierce and stuff! Where’d you get it? I've never seen anything like that. Bet if I had one, even the worst creeps around here wouldn’t mess with me anymore."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's... special," I muttered, tucking the fabric back into place over my mask. "One of a kind. I seriously doubt there's another like it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He stared at me a beat longer, something unreadable in his eyes. Not envy—more like yearning</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, I gotta say, you'd look way more intimidating with it on. I would’ve never guessed you were that tough, just from looking. You’re so small, kinda frail-looking... and well, really pretty. Like, goddess-tier pretty."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">His words stumbled out like loose pebbles—awkward, too loud, clearly unrehearsed. He blushed the moment they left his mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shot him a glare, then turned away and kept walking, jaw tight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, wait—that was a compliment! You don’t like compliments or something?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Look, kid. I'm busy. You're welcome and all for me saving you, but I've got a lot to do. You can't follow me where I’m going. And no, I’m not much for being called pretty. So just... go away, okay?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Sheesh, you’re one weird chick, you know that?" he called after me, trying to laugh it off. "And who are you calling kid? You don’t look any older than me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I tried to ignore him and picked up my pace, weaving through the dusty side street. But the persistent idiot kept stride with me, undeterred</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So..uhh... look, I'm part of this group, right? We call ourselves the Bombers, and we go around trying to help people, too." Ratt awkwardly massaged his neck as he prattled on. "Maybe I can pull some strings and, you know, get you a membership?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sighed, putting a hand on my face while Tatl chuckled. "Looks like you have an admirer, hehe!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I took a swat at the precocious fairy, who dodged by increasing her altitude and continued giggling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We don’t have time for this," I growled. "You can’t follow me, Ratt. It’s too dangerous, and you’ll just get in the way. I don’t need help, and I’m not joining your club. Got it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ya know what? I like your style, Link. Tough, relentless, stone-cold. Hah! I dig that."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stopped in my tracks, exasperated, and turned to face him fully, hands planted firmly on my hips.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Leave me alone! Just because I saved your life doesn't mean you're invited to tag along. Don't you have somewhere to be right now? Like your secret sewer club hideout?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Ratt froze mid-step. "Wait... how’d you know about our hideout?" He leaned in, wide-eyed, lowering his voice like he was sharing a royal secret. "No one's supposed to know but us Bombers. That’s, like, rule number one."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">That did it. I snapped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You mean the place under the Star Chamber with the old ladder, the smell of moldy laundry, and rats the size of Cuccos guarding your stash of candy bars?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Ratt's jaw dropped. His expression flickered from horror to amazement, then landed squarely on adoration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Whoa! You're like one of those legendary garo scouts from Ikana!! Jim’s gonna lose his </span>
      <span class="c16">mind </span>
      <span class="c8">when I tell him about you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I groaned and rubbed my temples, already regretting engaging.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I mean, you just—you show up, save my life, humiliate the Blood Wolves, shoot magic arrows, and now you know our hideout? Who </span>
      <span class="c16">are</span>
      <span class="c8"> you? Like, were you trained by secret royal warriors or something??"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Before I could protest or escape, Ratt zipped forward like a blushing hurricane and planted a quick, awkward kiss on my cheek.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I blinked, stunned. The world tilted. Heat surged up my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My fingers curled instinctively around my bow as he bolted, laughing like a boy who'd outrun fate. In one smooth, furious motion, I yanked it free, drew, and let a bolt of radiant magic shriek past his heels. The flash popped against the cobblestones, and Ratt yelped like a kicked Cucco, vaulting into the air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Oooh, </span>
      <span class="c16">feisty</span>
      <span class="c15">! I </span>
      <span class="c16">love</span>
      <span class="c15"> that!" he crowed, already disappearing around the corner, laughter trailing behind him. Somewhere in the distance, I could just make out, "</span>
      <span class="c16">I'm totally in love with you!</span>
      <span class="c8">"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Hahaha! He got you </span>
      <span class="c16">so</span>
      <span class="c8"> good!" Tatl cackled, spinning in place. "You should’ve seen your face!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Seriously, Tatl?" I snarled, still fuming. "Can we </span>
      <span class="c16">not</span>
      <span class="c8"> do this right now?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Aww, come </span>
      <span class="c16">on</span>
      <span class="c8">!" she wheezed. "That was hilarious. Admit it. Just a little bit."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No. It wasn't. I'm still a guy, remember? I just—" I faltered, voice tight. "I just killed someone, Tatl. And you're out here laughing like it was some kind of carnival stunt."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl’s laughter faded, her wings drooping a little as she floated nearer. "Hey... I know. I just—Ratt caught us off guard, and I guess I needed the tension break. But you did good, Link. You helped that kid. That’s what the Mask Salesman meant, right? Healing the hurt in this world. You did that today."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I let out a bitter huff. "Whether I helped or not, we’re wasting time. You wanna crack jokes, go join the jugglers. Otherwise, point the way."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, okay! You big sourpuss!" she said, offering a half-smile as she zipped ahead. "Southside’s just this way. Try not to melt before we get there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She flitted down the walkway, back toward the main road. I stared after her a beat, then sighed and followed. The air felt heavier now— from everything that had happened. The swamp still lay ahead, probably a day’s journey at least. And we were already behind. There was too much to do… and not enough time to do it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Suddenly an idea popped into my mind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait, that's it! If the Ocarina can control Time, then maybe I could use it to keep time from moving too quickly!" I quietly reasoned, eyes widening with sudden inspiration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Tatl! Hang on, I just thought of something!" I called out to the pixie flying just up ahead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"But, I thought we were in a hurry? Make up your mind!" Tatl scolded, her wings fluttering with irritation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Look." I produced the shimmering blue instrument from my belt pouch, the metal accents cool against my fingertips. "If we could turn it back with this, maybe we could slow time down as well?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"How? Is there another special song you know that can do that?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hmmm... no. Not really anything specific to stopping time, unless..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I gently raised the Ocarina to my lips, the sun catching its curves with a soft gleam. As I blew the first notes of the Song of Time, the air around us shifted. The melody drifted through the streets like wind through chimes, ethereal and slow, curling through the bustle of the plaza. A hush seemed to fall—briefly—as if the world leaned in to listen.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A few of the common townsfolk stopped in their tracks, gazes drawn toward me with mild curiosity, some swaying unconsciously to the haunting cadence. Each note shimmered in the space between seconds, stretching them out, warping the edges of time itself. I focused all my will on the intention: not to reverse time, but to stretch it—to slow its river to a crawl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As the final note faded, I held my breath. The onlookers blinked and slowly returned to their business. The moment passed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered beside me, watching the scene with narrowed eyes. After a beat, she shrugged. "Well... did it work?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I looked around, scanning for anything out of place. The crowd still bustled, voices rose and fell, merchants hawked their wares with the same fervor as before. The same elderly man leaned over his rickety cart, still bartering over...questionable apples. Nothing had changed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, it was worth a shot," Tatl said with a halfhearted flap of her wings. "If anything, it's a pretty neat song. But c'mon, let's go. It shouldn't be too much longer to the southern gate."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright," I murmured, sliding the Ocarina back into my pouch. Yet something tugged at the edge of my senses.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The air felt just a little heavier, like the hush before a storm—or a moment caught in amber. But with the town still moving, it must have been my imagination. A single leaf detached from a nearby branch and hovered for an impossibly long moment before drifting slowly downward...maybe too slowly. But I didn't have time to think about it too long as Tatl was already on the move. I stepped after Tatl, trailing just behind her. With every footfall, the bustle of Clock Town seemed to peel away like a dream I was waking from. I was more eager than ever to leave it behind—to get away from the asinine guards, the aggravatingly flirtatious boys, the snide stares and suffocating streets.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Out there was the unknown—untamed, perilous, and free. A world of awe and danger and wild, uncharted possibilities. And for the first time in what felt like forever, my heart beat with something close to joy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Adventure. The exhilaration of the unknown.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Limitless possibilities awaited, and for once in a long time, I was truly in my element. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
