<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_10"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.ux9bkrsvk4t7">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirteen</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.m27tymgcmbb9">
      <span class="c14">Ancient Deadlands</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The destroyed ruins of the archaic temple were filled with a sense of terror and foreboding. Wispy trails of ghostly blue clouds loomed amidst a cold, sunless sky of grey. A lonesome wind howled through the barren wastes of what was once a beautiful woodland full of life. Fossilized trees, and fields of destroyed foundations marked the ancient graveyard of a glorious kingdom, destroyed in some terrible calamity that had been forgotten in the passing of eons. Piles of dusty bones littered the landscape, and not a single living creature roamed the bleak deadlands. Save for one.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A peculiar traveler, tall, lanky, and garbed in elegant clothing, navigated the treacherous ruins. The figure seemed to be hunting for something, stopping every few meters to peer under debris and rummage through charred bone piles. The mysterious stranger continued on like this for hours, patient in his search and methodical in movement. The bitter chill of the howling wind didn't faze the smiling man as it billowed around his clothing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man's grin widened as he walked closer to the crumbling remains of the temple ruins. He knew in his heart that this was the right place; there could be no mistake. He had searched far and wide, through time and space, and even within the Void of Death itself to behold this doomed land once again. The man knew the domain very well, better than most other worlds, and he skittered with a graceful madness through the sharp, icy rubble and broken buildings. Then the man halted within the shattered walls of what was once a great tower within the demolished temple.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The aberrant fellow moved towards a corner where a huge piece of debris lay, and shifted the impossibly large boulder away with astonishing ease for a man of such a thin stature, revealing a set of stairs underneath. He hopped into the air with glee and giggled in delight, knowing his long, grueling journey was coming to an end. His painstakingly elaborate schemes and eternal dedication would soon be rewarded, and he would finally, after two long centuries of seeking, have...it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man plodded down the pitch black stairwell, and into a deep passageway without a care in the world. Dusty candles hanging along the walls of the wide passage mysteriously lit around him with icy blue flames, piercing through the lifeless dark ahead. The stone tunnels were remarkably intact and free of blockage as the man excitedly plunged onward. The wind's eerie moaning filled the passageways, and skeletons littered the halls. Any ordinary person would have fled long before venturing into this evil place, but the ageless man was no ordinary being. He sneered at the haunting noise and continued his mission down the seemingly endless corridors. The gentleman knew he was very close now. So close that he could almost taste victory on the tip of his tongue. Nothing would stop him! Nothing would satiate his burning desire! Nothing in all of creation would prevent him from finding his long lost possession! The crazed man chuckled into the blackness ahead. He almost dared something to impede his hunt now.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">After hours of silent travelling down the dry, freezing tunnels, the man crowed in triumph.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Here! It must be here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Before him stood a large stone slab that obstructed the way ahead. It was marked with an all too familiar design. The image displayed a large, solitary eye crying a single drop below the pupil's center. Three sharp points extended evenly above the eye. A large ring, broken into sections by smaller rings with interspersed circles lying over the lines surrounded the oculus. The Eye of the True Sheikah, a symbol that he had known from birth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Eye began to glow faintly with cyan light as the fearless man approached. He produced a razor sharp dagger from the folds within his clothing, and drew the blade along his open palm. The strange fellow uttered not a single sound, and placed the bloody palm upon the pupil of the eye. Recognizing the purity of the man's blood, the symbol flashed, and the slab began to rumble and move upward into the ceiling. The wound in his hand healed immediately, and he giggled with an insane happiness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The slab revealed a final passage into a massive, sinister- looking chamber, dimly lit by eternally burning torches of purple flame. In the center of the room was a raised platform. Upon it rested a huge, perfectly rounded orb of what appeared to be pure amethyst. As the fanatical man approached, the orb began to hum and vibrate, surrounding itself with a shadowy aura.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"At long, long last! I have finally found you. Yes!" The man cried in pure joy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">He moved close to the ominous sphere, placing a pale hand upon it. The orb suddenly hissed and a loud crack resounded through the chamber! The amethyst sphere had disappeared, replaced by a churning, two -dimensional circle of light and darkness that roared with energy. Deep black, red, and gold colors shifted and swirled within the magic window, creating dancing shadows throughout the chamber. A scent of burning steel permeated the area, and magical energy electrified the air. The deranged man clapped his hands gleefully and entered through the portal, vanishing into the tenebrous ring of roiling twilight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
