<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_20"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.y9q6zkvklrxw">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Twenty-Four</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c25" id="h.688vyty4skhy">
      <span class="c14">Covert Expedition</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl and I waited for a few hours within the treasure room of the Deku Palace. I was beginning to worry that this was all a trick, and we were now prisoners just like the monkey prince. Yet I remained calm, mainly for Tatl's sake, and decided to sit and relax in one of the decorative chairs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ughhhhh it's been hours!" my fairy companion moaned. "Where is she? Doesn't she know we're on a strict time schedule?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Not likely. I'm sure she'll be back soon, just be patient." I sighed at Tatl's impatience.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I twiddled my thumbs and sat back in the chair. Maybe I could take a nap here? I closed my eyes, as the lack of any action was making my body drowsy. It was too bad there weren't any masks that could keep you awake forever—maybe when we got outside, the Deku Mask would help revive me a bit. It seemed to give me a momentary boost of energy, so there was that option at least.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Are you enjoying your mental tea party over there, princess?" Tatl scoffed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What?" I opened my eyes to look at her. "Are you just that bored that you have to mock me?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, you just look so fancy sitting with your legs crossed and hands together, hehe. You've been doing stuff like that all day—tilting your head, touching your hair, even that cute little pout when you're annoyed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I glanced down and quickly uncrossed my legs, sitting as normal.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's like... you're still you, but parts of you are acting totally different. Like the body's got its own instincts now. You sure nothing's getting into your head?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm fine. I don't feel any different. This dumb body must have a mind of its own," I grumbled, but even as I said it, a flicker of doubt passed through me. "Ugh. It's technically been a full week living like this. I'd say the gods must be angry with me, because this is ridiculous."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Why would they be angry with a hero? I think you just stumbled into the wrong place at the wrong time. But don't worry," Tatl reassured, patting my head. "We're almost done with the swamp. That leaves only three areas next, right? We'll get you turned back in no time. You've just been having an off day, is all."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I suppose you're right… but please, no more jokes. It's hard enough as it is, OK?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ooof… that's a tough bargain. I'll try, but uh, you know me, hehe!" The fairy giggled, tussling my scarlet bangs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I rolled my eyes and smiled, waving her away in mock frustration, but I was still grateful for her company. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl landed on my shoulder once more and we waited in the awkward silence, but only a few minutes passed by when I heard the secret passage open in the next room. The Deku Queen must have finally returned. I stood up from the chair and waited for her to enter. To my surprise, a small Deku wearing simple blue leaves entered. Worried that this one would sound the alarm, I prepared to pounce and restrain the tiny stranger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Thankfully, the queen shuffled into the room before I could make a move, carrying with her the folded hide. She spoke soon after the secret passage closed shut.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm sorry that took so long," she apologized, noticing the uncertain expression on my face. "Oh, don't worry about this one, she is my most trusted handmaiden. She managed to craft it into a somewhat wearable human cloak. I do hope it's large enough to suit your purposes. We really don't get to see many humans, so forgive her if the measurements aren't exact."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I reached out to take the heavy cloak. The material was still bizarre to me as the colors constantly shifted as it moved. It was rather hefty, being made of scaly leather and all. Wearing this would definitely slow me down, but the added stealth was worth the trouble. I unslung my bow, and the blue maid helped to strip off my green cloak, folding it upon a chair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh, those are interesting masks there… Did you make those yourself?" the queen inquired, discovering the masks on my belt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ummm, yeah. For the, uh, mask festival in Clock Town," I nervously replied, not wanting her to know the truth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"They look very well-made. You did a wonderful job, especially on the Deku Mask. So realistic… You must be a big fan of our tribe to get the details so accurate." She laughed, then apologized. "I'm sorry you have seen us at such a dire hour…you must be so disappointed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, um, I'm still impressed at what you have here. And no one is perfect, so… yeah." I stammered, unsure of what to say.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I draped the scaly cloak around my shoulders and clasped it around the magic pendant, hiding the masks in the process. Aside from the added weight, it was almost comfortable. The cloak had a loose hood hanging along the back, and the length was just a little shorter than my other cloak. Its surface shimmered faintly, like rippling water over bark, reacting subtly to the torchlight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wow...that's awesome!" Tatl exclaimed. "You'd be nearly invisible if that shiny golden border wasn't there!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I rotated my shoulders to adjust the weight and uneven hemming. "Yeah… but what am I going to do about my bow? Carrying it on my back won't do me any good with this on."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl fluttered down beside me, eyeing the shimmering fabric. "Maybe you could sling it beneath the cloak, across your chest? It'll be awkward, but at least you won't give yourself away."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I considered it, then carefully threaded the bow beneath the folds of the cloak, tucking it against my side and looping the strap across my torso. It wasn't perfect, but it felt secure enough and mostly concealed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"It's... a bit of an awkward fit, I'm sorry. As I said, we're not used to accommodating humans, but it will help you remain undetected by the guards," the white queen stated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She uttered a series of clicks and squeaks, and the little Deku maid exited into the next room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Now to business. Woodfall is located in an old crater further south. Follow the river upstream and it'll lead you right to the temple. Although it is a sacred place to us Deku, we avoid it now to avoid it due to the sheer number of deadly creatures that have moved in around the area. That cloak will help, but you will still need to be careful. Some reports even say that a few Dinolfos have been spotted there as well."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I don't think I've ever seen a Dinolfos. Are they anything like Lizalfos?" Tatl wondered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If I remember the legends correctly, Dinolfos were a large, fire-breathing tribe of lizards that ruled this swamp long ago," the queen explained. "They were brutal overlords who enslaved the Deku people for generations. It was only with the help of the forest fairies that our ancestors were able to rise up and overthrow them, claiming the swamp as our sacred home. The war was long and costly, but their defeat marked the beginning of the Deku Kingdom. If the Dinolfos have truly returned, then you must be on your keenest guard—for it could mean the return of an age of darkness."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'll be careful, I know just how perilous the world can be." I calmly replied. "What do you think the safest way out of the palace would be?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I honestly do not know, I'm afraid. I haven't been beyond the walls in years. But you must have gone around the main entrance somehow, so you should leave through the same entrance you came."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm… that could be a big problem. There are probably guards at every entrance in the palace now because of those monkeys from earlier… We'll be caught before we even saw the main gate." Tatl glumly sat on my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can distract them while you sneak away, don't fret about that. However, you're on your own outside the walls." The queen headed into the next room, beckoning us to follow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's more than I can ask, thank you." I humbly replied.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We followed the white deku and her maiden through a different route within hidden passages. The queen opened the hidden door, and I saw the wooden walls that bordered the tree palace.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait here, we will go and distract the guards to allow you to get by. After they leave, please hurry to the south. I fear my daughter does not have much time!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The two shuffled up and out of the secret chamber, followed by frenzied squeaks and chitters. A mass of shuffling leaves retreated into the distance, and there was silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh… was that the distraction?" Tatl looked around in confusion. "Should we get going now? I'm... not sure."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shrugged and pulled the weighty hood over my head. Tatl dipped under the cloak while I peeked out from the secret door. The coast was clear; the bridge across the moat was left unguarded. I quickly tiptoed to the bridge, hoping that the camouflage was working, and slowly glided onto the horizontal trunks over the purple waters. The wood creaked softly beneath my boots, a reminder of how precarious our stealth truly was.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Just ahead were two stationary deku, watching the outer gate. The creatures appeared faded, the coloring not as bright as other deku. Being so close to the toxin must have taken its toll on them. Still, I carefully crept behind them, peering to the ledge we came in on. A narrow plot of land led around the moat, so I could easily sneak to the tiny opening.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">At the hidden entrance, I paused to readjust the ill-fitting cloak. The bow underneath had been grinding into my spine with every step, the curved limb pressing uncomfortably through the fabric. Grunting softly, I slipped the strap free, angling the weapon across my chest instead. It nestled beneath the cloak awkwardly, the tension of the scaly fabric pulling tight against the bowstring and biting into my shoulder. Still, the shift offered some relief, and I exhaled through my nose before motioning forward. We proceeded through the hole.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">After I crept out the other side, I looked around to make sure that we remained undetected. Judging by the deepening gloom, I realized the sun was setting. Deku guards patrolled all around us, holding the firefly lanterns to cut through the darkness with that eerie green glow. Nocturnal animals filled the night air with a symphony of warbles, and the humid air clung to my skin like a second cloak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, why are we stopped? I can't see, is everything alright?" Tatl muttered and poked me in the back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"The sun is setting and the deku are increasing their patrols. I doubt they would be as hospitable as they were earlier, especially if they caught us with this hide."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If it's getting dark, wouldn't that just make it easier to sneak around them? Let's go already."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If I can't see, I'm just going to be stumbling around in this heavy thing until we're either spotted or killed."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, what if we made camp somewhere? There's gotta be something around here that we can lay low in." The fairy grunted and shifted around. "I think that's the best plan, because this cloak is crushing me…urgh."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can believe it." I sympathized with my partner. "But come to think of it, I do remember seeing something across the river. That structure with the spider webs…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Great, let's go then so I can get out of here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I shushed the fairy and waited for one of the deku guards to pass, then quietly maneuvered back to where I saw the cave. When I looked across the slow-moving river, finding the cave was all too easy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A single torch was lit, almost as a warning it seemed, and the white spiderwebs protecting the entrance appeared to glow with the dancing flames. There was even a small wooden bridge nearby, with only a single guard standing watch. I heard a noise behind me and saw another guard hopping along, heading straight toward me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I moved onto the bridge quickly, silently shifted past the other sentry, and slipped past the spiderwebs into the cave.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The sticky webbing wrapped around the cloak and into the hood, clinging to my face. I recoiled and spat the fibers away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pbbth, dumb spiderwebs…." I slapped the last of it off my hands. "OK Tatl, we're safe now. I hope."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fairy was all too happy to pop out, but looked around uncertainly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh… this place looks... infested. Are you sure you want to camp here?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We don't have much of a choice, it's way too dark now to move and the soldiers would catch us if we camped out there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But… getting eaten by spiders sounds worse. Can't we just sleep in a tree or something?" Tatl nervously looked around.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No, this is fine. We will only stay for the night, then we'll leave at first light. I think any spiders in here would be more afraid of us than we are of them." I removed the cloak and bow and sat back against a web-free part of the wall.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh… you mean spiders like that?" Tatl pointed to the ceiling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Three massive skulltulas clung to the ceiling, appearing to be feeding on something entangled within their thick webs. It didn't look like they had noticed us yet, and I didn't hesitate to give them time to. I drew back my bow quickly and picked them off one by one. The last one tried to get away, but the magic bolt pierced its exoskeleton and it dropped to the floor to join the others with a resounding crunch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"There, happy now? Go to sleep." I sighed, pulling the cloak around me to act as a camouflaged blanket and closed my eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"But… but… OK, you're the boss."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The pixie landed on my shoulder and curled up against my neck. It wasn't long until we were both sound asleep.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I dreamt I was falling. Plummeting down some black abyss. Rocky walls around me rushed past, turning into vine-tangled trees. Waterfalls of purple ooze sprouted out of the wooden walls, filling the air with a stench too foul to describe. Rotten leaves fluttered around me, building up until I could no longer see. I tried in vain to clear them away, but soon I was buried in mounds of leaves.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Then I found myself on a hilltop overlooking a vast frozen wasteland. Dark, gray skies loomed overhead, casting the land in dreary misery. Ruins of stone monuments were strewn about, surrounding an enormous crater. Cold ash rained from the sky like snow, carried by the howling wind. I looked to the debris field, and I saw the tiny dot of a lone person rummaging through the clutter—a hunched figure draped in tattered robes, their movements sharp and desperate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A strange familiarity prickled at the back of my mind, as if I had seen that silhouette before, somewhere beyond dreams. There was something unnatural about the way the figure moved, as though it were both seeking and escaping. A faint twist towards me showed a grinning smile flashed on the figure's face, only for a moment. My chest tightened. I couldn't place it, but the man felt important. Dangerous. Ancient. A creeping sense of dread clawed at the edge of my awareness, as though this barren place was more than a dream...more than a memory.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">My vision suddenly blurred, and I woke up. Dim light was coming through the cave entrance. Had I really slept all night? Tatl was lightly breathing as she snoozed comfortably on my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl, wake up. It's time to get going." I gently nudged her with a finger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Mmm… already?" Tatl yawned. "OK, ok… sheesh. You're such an early riser."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No time for sleep when the world needs saving. Besides, I want to get out of this disgusting swamp as soon as possible." I groaned as I pulled spider webs out of my hair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl sighed as she lifted from my shoulder and I rose too, gathering the cloak and bow. The spider corpses were beginning to smell like old cheese, so I moved quickly. Tatl sluggishly slipped underneath the hood after I threw it on over the bow. Flipping up the hood and ready to get on our way, we left the web-infested enclosure, passing smoldering torches. There didn't seem to be any deku around, but I still chose to sneak about until I knew we were safe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Heeding the deku queen's earlier directions, I followed the river upstream. The path was well defined, much easier to follow than any others we found. Better still was that the canopy wasn't as thick further down, and I could finally look beyond vines and leaves. The sky was overcast as usual, but I was grateful for the warm breeze of fresh air it provided. I couldn't see the moon, but I did see distant plumes of smoke rising up ahead, appearing to be coming from further along the pathway.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It wasn't long until I reached the source of the smoke. Hearing gruff voices, I veered off the path for some reconnaissance from higher ground. A low hill jutted out nearby, thick with briars and wet with swamp mist. I pushed through the brush, every step sinking slightly into the muck, until I crested the rise and crouched to survey what lay below.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The camp sprawled out like a crude scar across the swamp floor. Fortifications of gnarled wood and thorny branches ringed its perimeter, lashed together haphazardly but effectively. Smoke from cookfires drifted through the air, clinging to the treetops in a murky veil. Against a craggy cliffside, wooden bunkers had been stacked like crates—utilitarian shelters devoid of comfort.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">But it was the prisoners that stole my breath. A dozen figures—humans, monkeys, even deku—were shackled beneath a twisted tree, their backs to its roots and their eyes hollow with exhaustion. Iron manacles cut into their limbs, and the ground around them was churned with filth. They were hemmed in by a fence of sharpened stakes that radiated menace.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A sick churn twisted in my gut. I didn’t know these people, but the sight of them—caged and humiliated—clawed at something raw inside me. I understood what it felt like to be powerless, to have no say in your fate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Scaly lizalfos patrolled the area, their movements slick and efficient. Their skin shimmered in varied hues—green, bronze, rust—each clutching crude weapons. Most bore dented shields and short blades, though a few were more heavily armored, spear-wielding and barked commands with sharp snarls. Leaders, likely. Rafts bobbed in the dark water beyond, fitted with crates and crude ballistae....I could only guess that they were preparations for a raid.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Two guards hovered near the prisoners, jeering as they flung muck at their captives. One of the deku flinched and received a blow for it. I clenched my jaw. There was no honor in it—just cruelty. And if I did nothing, it would continue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Tatl, look at this…" I quietly whispered. "What do you think of this?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">She peeked from under the scaly garment, then carefully hovered to a vantage point. Her eyes scanned the camp below—then widened.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm… I'm thinking no." Her voice was tight, not dismissive. The fairy shook her head and zipped back under the cloak like a child hiding from thunder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey come on now, weren't you the one bugging me about that kid in Clock Town? What about those prisoners?" I blocked off Tatl's retreat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Oh please, that was just a measly gang of dumb humans. </span>
      <span class="c35">This</span>
      <span class="c34"> is an army of lizalfos! Have you ever fought one of those?" she hissed, her voice cracking slightly. "Those things are fast, and brutal—and there's </span>
      <span class="c35">dozens</span>
      <span class="c33"> of them. And look at their armor, their weapons… That’s not a skirmish, that’s a warband."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I've fought several. And that was when I was just a kid. These shouldn't be a problem… especially with a bow," I replied, though even I could hear the tension in my voice, buried beneath the confidence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I went back down the hill to remain hidden, then quickly removed the cloak to grab my bow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Are you nuts? There's at least thirty of those monsters down there! You can't pick all of them off! Your bow isn't exactly the most stealthy of weapons—it shoots </span>
      <span class="c35">light,</span>
      <span class="c33"> for crying out loud!" Tatl quietly exclaimed, the panic edging back into her voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well then… I'll just use the mask." I pointed to my masked soul, fingers lingering for a moment longer than usual. There was a flicker—almost imperceptible—of something tightening in my chest. Still, I shook it off and pulled the bulky camouflage over my shoulders. "Lizalfos are pretty predictable, and they rarely attack in groups."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sheesh… you are headstrong." Tatl rubbed her head and sighed, her wings fluttering unevenly. "It's a wonder you're still alive, but I guess that's just what you hero types do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Trust me, this will work, haha." I chuckled and pulled on the hood. "Besides, I can always use a lookout. Just be careful, alright?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fairy nodded and followed me back up the hill. I crouched next to a tree, using it as a brace and took aim, carefully maneuvering the bow beneath the folds of the heavy cloak. The fabric dragged slightly as I adjusted, and I felt the tension in my arms from keeping both weapon and concealment steady.. I was careful to keep my lustrous blue bow behind cover, Tatl was right about it lacking subtlety, but I appreciated its power.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Take out the ones with the spears, they look tougher than the rest." Tatl whispered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good idea…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gently shifted the bow toward the armored lizard directing a crew of lesser ones carrying cargo to the river. The armor looked heavy, but due to the creatures physique, was also sparse. I aimed for the opening at its neck and fired off a bolt of energy. The lizalfos screeched and clawed at the smoking hole in its neck, as it fell dead in the churned mud, I moved on to another guard, dropping it in a similar fashion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">By this time the camp was confused and they all stood still, looking around frantically. I took advantage by killing three more of the lizalfos spearmen. After the third fell, the entire camp sprang up in arms and took cover, with me hiding behind the tree.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, they know we're here now." Tatl bluntly stated. "What's the plan?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We can move to another tree, but they'll probably come up here soon. I'll try to take a couple more out before it turns to hand to hand combat."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh… sure. Good plan… I hope." The fairy nervously muttered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I beckoned Tatl to follow with my bow, and we ducked behind the hill and ran to another tree. The lizalfos were still scattered and peeking over their cover trying to locate us. I waited a few moments before unleashing another barrage, searching for the toughest targets. Two of the spearmen hiding on the river rafts, and were the closest to us. The last four were behind the barracks' walls and trying to get the others up the hill to find us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The easiest kills seemed to be the ones closest, if I took any longer to decide I'd lose my opportunity. The two on the rafts were quickly dispatched, but our cover was blown. The small horde gathered its collective wits and began to flank us so we wouldn't move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"OK, this is it. Are you ready, Tatl?" I pulled off the hood and looked to a mildly frightened Tatl. "When I put the mask on, you fly to the canopy. I don't want you getting hurt again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's fine by me, I'll help watch your back though. I'm ready as I'll ever be."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I heard a group of the lizards drawing near, and nodded to Tatl as I reached for the mask. A tremor of adrenaline ran down my spine—not from fear, but from the strange anticipation that always came before transforming with the mask’s power. Each time it felt more familiar, more natural, and though I welcomed the return to my own form, there lingered a faint unease at how quickly the transformation came—how easily I could slip between selves without hesitation. The first lizalfos to peek around the tree, with maw full of teeth snarling in between tongue flicks, was in for a fatal surprise as my razor sharp sword met its exposed neck.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Green blood spayed downhill as the headless body rolled toward its kin. A battle cry sounded from one of the lizalfos when they saw me standing ready. Sure enough, one by one they charged. I dodged, blocked, and parried every attacker, slaying each in turn with ease. Tatl suddenly called out from above in warning, and I rolled aside as a spear buried itself where I had just stood. One of the armored leaders was rapidly dashing up the hill, leaping over its fallen comrades, and drew a serrated longsword from its back. The lizard was at least a foot taller than me, and slitted yellow eyes glared daggers at me as it hissed in anger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I met the monster head on, knocking aside its jagged blade and swinging mine with a backhanded stroke. The lizalfos leapt back to attack again, and thrusted toward my stomach. I twisted around with my shield deflecting the blade, forcing the monster off-balance. Taking advantage the opportunity, I cleaved my sword down the lizalfos' back, nearly cutting it in two.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I walked down the hill, stepping over the bodies and into the encampment. The air was thick with the metallic stench of blood, mingling with the swamp’s natural rot. Each step squelched beneath me, the mud soaked with the remains of battle. My boots cracked against scattered bones and broken weapons, the aftermath of violence echoing with a grim finality. A strange calm settled over me, but beneath it buzzed a tension—residual adrenaline mixed with a creeping sense of what I’d just done, and what might still come. The remaining lizalfos warily circled around me, searching for any openings.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Who's next, you pile of uglies!" I smirked, taking care to watch my back. "I haven't got all day."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">One decided to be gutsy and made a pass at me, but only ended up being gutted instead. The others shrieked and hissed in both anger and terror as green blood and organs spilled out onto the muddy ground.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeeeegh! You pay for kill, human slime!" One of the taller spearmen yelled in a shrill, raspy voice. "We go get big boss and you die!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A spear was flung at me, missing by a full meter, and the last dozen of the camp retreated to the south, shrieking as they went. Tatl drifted down to me, breathing a sigh of relief.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, that was sure… disgusting. All that blood… Yech!" The fairy retched. "But I sure am glad you are a skilled fighter, I bet they are too."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl pointed to the chained up prisoners near the river. They were cheering and praising my efforts. I raised my sword and let out a triumphant cry, the weight of the battle still buzzing in my veins. The prisoners' cheers met mine, their voices raw with relief and disbelief. For a brief moment, pride surged through me—tempered not by arrogance, but by the fierce resolve to protect. It had been a good battle, but the cost lingered in the blood-slicked ground beneath my feet. After I cleaned the blade on the sole of my boot, I sheathed my sword and splashed through the muddy puddles into their enclosure, freeing the prisoners with a sharp blow to their chains. A young woman covered in filthy rags embraced me, with tears running down her face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Thank the gods you freed us! The horrors those THINGS put us through… I can't thank you enough, sir! You are amazing!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heheh, thanks...uhhhh… why did those monsters imprison you?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"T-they said we were…" She shuddered in fear. "We were to be sacrifices to their 'god'. A horrible, horrible monstrosity! I s-s-saw it… I actually *saw *it… I'll never forget… never. Never!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey hey, easy. You're safe now, where are you from? Can you get back there safely?" I asked the troubled girl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"We're all f-from Couth… at least us humans. It's small settlement near the ocean. I, uh..think it's west?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A middle-aged man hobbled over with a deep gash in his right arm and a dirty bandage on his left leg.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I know the way, swordsman. Don't you worry about us none. You just focus on wiping those bloody lizards off the map."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Are you sure? It looks like you can barely stand, let alone hike through miles of poisonous bogs." I attempted to brace the man as he stumbled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">He irately waved me away. "No I'll be right as rain in no time. I've been through worse, hell, we all have. We're a hearty people, us swamp folk!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The deku prisoners had already moved off, and the monkeys and humans were helping each other out. I smirked at the man and nodded my approval.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can appreciate that. I've been through quite alot myself and I'm still kicking, haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Just going off how young you look, I'd never believe that. But the way you took out those scaly bastards with such ease…well. You've definitely got experience, kid." The man said, patting me on the back. "But we best hop to it, we can use those boats to make good time. I wish you luck, swordsman. Got a name? Mine's Smit."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link, and thank you." I shook Smit's outstretched hand. "Stay safe out there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You too, lad. Those worms are cookin' something up, be on your toes, eh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Smit turned and walked back to the group with the young woman, who smiled faintly at me before rushing off to the boats. Ready to move on, Tatl and I turned southward and resumed our hike.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, the lizard guy said something about a big boss. You think that might be one of those dinolfos?" Tatl finally spoke up.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"If it is, then I'll take it out just like the others. A dinolfos can't be much worse than a lizalfos. Don't worry about it." I replied.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, don't you think we should maybe not be so obvious right now? I really doubt they'll let you off so easily. And there's a lot of hiding places, they could be laying out an ambush just for you!" Tatl huffed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I hesitated. This time my mask had kept us safe, powerful—but walking openly in it was starting to feel more like a beacon than a shield. And deeper still was that unsettled twist in my chest, the discomfort I hadn’t quite named yet, like slipping further into something I couldn’t fully return from.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"So, you're saying I should take off this mask?" I asked, more quiet now. "Why? They can't get close enough to me while I'm like this."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"All I'm saying is we should be careful… sheesh." Tatl murmured, but her voice had softened, just a bit. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I sighed, not arguing. "Fine, if it'll make you happy I'll take it off after we get out of sight." I grunted, then added more quietly, "Not that I’m in love with it either."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked around and the people I'd freed had apparently moved on, eager to escape their former prison. Figuring now was a good time to remove the mask, I stopped and got Tatl's attention.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright hold on. I'm taking it off…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The fairy nodded, halting with me, and I pulled the mask off. The transformation was becoming less and less painful every time, for which I was grateful—but the ease of it unnerved me slightly, as though the boundary between forms was thinning too quickly, blurring who I was and who I might become. Watching my hair grow and change color before my eyes, I blew the scarlet bangs from my face and resumed walking, turning to look at my companion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well, shall we?" I shrugged to Tatl, who remained still.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, right behind you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
