<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_13"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.h9idxuas9zgo">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Sixteen</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.3u5lobuqly">
      <span class="c36">
        Termina Field
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.kr1i20nkskim">
      <span class="c37">The blazing mid afternoon sun still shone high in the blue skies when we reached the old, eroded southern gate. The guard had discarded his visor, his sweat-slicked face weary beneath the sunlit blaze. He slouched against the chalky white limestone wall, brow furrowed as he wiped at the heat with little urgency. Around him, the southern commons simmered in slow decay...unkempt locals sprawled in the patchwork shade cast by leaning shanty roofs, waving scraps of paper or warped tin lids to stir the still air. Barefoot children darted between crumbling alleyways, their laughter sharp against the dusty silence, vanishing like mirages among weed-choked cracks in the pavement.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c15">
        The heat clawed at my skin like invisible fingers, dragging sweat from every pore until my tunic clung to me like a soaked rag. It was hotter than it had been on that first day...oppressively so, like the sun itself was bearing down with the intent to set the world ablaze. My breath came shallow, fogging the air for just a heartbeat before the heat swallowed it whole. Behind me, Tatl fluttered low, her glow dulled to a wan shimmer. Even her voice...usually sharp and relentless, sounded slurred by the intense warmth.
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">Ughhh… why is it so hot?” she groaned, wings flitting uselessly. “This isn’t normal, Link. The sun… it hasn’t moved in hours.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">Whew… I don’t know…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c8">I panted, brushing damp strands of hair from my forehead with the back of my hand. The heat pressed down like a weight, sticky and relentless.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">What time is it, anyway?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c15">
        Tatl hovered toward the towering spires of the Clock Tower, squinting through the shimmering heat haze that danced like water over the rooftops. Her glow pulsed faintly, flickering with uncertainty.
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
      <span class="calibre1">“</span>
      <span class="c8">It’s… still only three-forty? That can’t be right. It feels like it’s been at least an hour since you rescued that kid!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c15"> “Really?” I murmured, my voice low as I brushed damp bangs from my eyes. “You don’t think playing the Ocarina… </span>
      <span class="c16">did</span>
      <span class="c8"> something to time, do you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c8">"Well...I dunno, you've got more experience with that thing. So you tell me?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c8">I observed the people around us. They all moved, talked, and played at a fairly normal pace. If the magical instrument had stopped time, I would only assume that the rest of the world would stop with it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c8">"Hmm...these people are all moving around, so I don't think time froze. Maybe you just saw the clock wrong earlier?" I deduced.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, we were pretty distracted, especially you haha." Tatl winked at me as I glowered in response. "Oh come on, lighten up! The gate’s right there. We’ll figure it out soon enough."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded to Tatl, her laughter picking up my spirits a bit, and looked to the gate. The guard was still bumbling around, now lazily playing catch with his helmet. He seemed oblivious of us. Still...without my mask, I doubted that I'd be allowed through. I gripped the wooden surface with clammy fingers from the belt, inspecting it closely to see if anything had changed. Something about it felt different now. As I lifted it in my hands, its surface shimmered faintly with vitality, almost alive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm going to try changing back," I told her, stepping toward an old crate beside a decaying home. "I've got a good feeling about the mask this time."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered closer. "Good idea. I don’t feel like dealing with another idiot guard in this weather. I’m right behind you."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I searched around the crate and house for any possible witnesses. Finding no one and satisfied we were alone, I took a deep breath and braced myself, bringing the mask to my face. I held back a muffled shriek as pain once more enveloped my body, and fought to stay on my feet. It wasn't as excruciating as before, but the heat of transformation still stole the breath from my lungs. Bones cracked and lengthened, my limbs shifting back into their taller, broader shape. I grunted, barely keeping on my feet. The familiar weight of gauntlets and boots returned.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Are you ok? Not going to pass out or anything, right?" Tatl voiced in concern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Agh, no. I think..." I cleared my throat, startled by the suddenly deeper timbre. "I think I’ll be fine. That wasn’t so bad."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah well, could've fooled me, but I'd rather not try the experience myself."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Can’t blame you there." I stretched my arms and tested my balance, adjusting the chain-mail armor beneath the familiar green tunic. "But I’ll take transforming back into </span>
      <span class="c16">my</span>
      <span class="c8"> body over being a weak girl any day."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">After a similar assessment with my boots, I was satisfied that everything was in order. I made my way back to the limestone gates. The temperature seemed to rise with every passing minute, and the sun beat down fiercely upon me during the short walk. However, I wasn't worried about a little summer weather, and confidently strode up the aloof guard. The perspiring soldier appeared to be mildly dehydrated, but nodded to me as I closed in, waving us by with a dazed look in his eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yuh, you can go through. Be careful though...monsters...n' stuff..." He sighed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh, right. Thanks, I guess."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I returned his nod and plodded through the gate, heading beneath the thick wall. The shade did little to ease the heat, and my face was already beading with sweat. The weather was still manageable, though, and I'd been through much greater heat before. If the fires of Hyrule's great volcano Death Mountain couldn't conquer me, then a meager heatwave like this would be a cakewalk</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So what's the plan, Mighty Hero?" Tatl flopped onto my shoulder with a groan.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"We get to the swamp, find whatever monster is plaguing the area, slice it to pieces, and dice any other beasts into slimy pulps. Then afterwards the locals say hooray and thank us, we move on to whatever else we need to do. Easy, simple, cut and dry." I wiped away a drop of sweat hanging down from my brow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, yes. Totally simple there, monster hunter...What a smart tactic... 'RAAUUGGHR LINK SMASH!'” Tatl sprawled onto my shoulder like a wet towel, “...we're gonna die..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I ignored her snark and continued out into the wide expanse of the flatlands before us. All the trees and foliage had been cut down and beaten back for almost a kilometer around the walls of Clock Town, leaving only fields of dry grass. The blue sky was bright and clear, with no clouds to block the harsh sun, nor wind to ease the soaring temperatures. The heat was finally starting to get to me, and I turned to Tatl in frustration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright, Miss Critic, if you're finished roasting me, how about you stop using my shoulder as a free ride and tell me where we need to go?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh come on! I'm just joking, and your shoulder is comfy! But fine... just go past that hill with the Star Chamber. If I remember right, there should be a fork in the trail." The fairy thought for a moment. "I think the left path leads to a ranch, or farm... or something. Taking the right path takes you to the swamp, maybe..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Your confidence is almost overwhelming..." I scoffed, then rolled my eyes with a sigh. "Ughf...whatever. Let's just get there..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Aware that my mask's power wouldn't last long, I decided to run toward the copse of trees near the hill to save time. Tatl was caught off guard and tumbled off my shoulder as I lurched forward without warning. The parched grass crunched beneath my boots as I sprinted along. The disgruntled fairy fluttered after me, grumbling about being knocked off her comfy perch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Halfway to the trees, the earth suddenly shimmered, and two red, slimy Chuchus erupted from the ground in front of me. With a grin, I drew my sword and shield and waited for the monsters to make a move. They both wiggled in anticipation before leaping at me, the gelatinous bodies undulating as they moved. They lunged. I sidestepped and brought my sword down in one clean arc, bisecting them. Their jellied remains hit the dirt with a wet slap. Red goop splattered everywhere and bled out onto the thirsty earth, along with the liquefied remains of some poor fool's hand and torso.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ewwww that was...gross." Tatl retched as the ooze evaporated. "But uh...good job. Best not to end up like...ugh...that guy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That was nothing. If you want to see gross, you should go to Hyrule's graveyard."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I chuckled as I wiped red globules from my blade into the dry grass, watching the goopy remains quickly evaporate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Reanimated corpses, blood and gore, disembodied rotting skulls...you'd love it!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh gee, sounds like such a treat. Thanks but no thanks...blech!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I sheathed my sword behind me, and returned the Hylian shield to my back. Mirages danced along the horizon in the sweltering heat, and my face dripped with sweat onto my damp tunic. The air was deathly still, without even a gasp of wind to alleviate the scorched earth. I looked to the skies, where the sun remained in the same position when we l town.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well, the sun still hasn't moved. I think the Ocarina actually stopped time!" I marveled to Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Greeeaaaat...can you play it again? If it gets any hotter, and I think I'll literally combust." Tatl groaned as she fanned herself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I might as well. Hang on..." I nodded and went for my Ocarina.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I reached into the respective belt pouch, but came up empty handed. Figuring that I had unconsciously moved to a different one, I shrugged and felt around the other pouches. Still unable to find the Ocarina, I frantically searched along the ground to see if I somehow dropped it! The blue instrument was nowhere to be seen!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"What's wrong?" Tatl noticed the panic in my eyes. "You didn't lose it did you? Oh gods, please tell me you didn't!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No! I always put it right back in this pouch here!" I pointed to the rear pouch. "But it's not there!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well...we're doomed. Between the sun broiling everything alive, and the moon falling. Yeah, this world is toast! Or jelly, depending on what happens first."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"This is no time for your jokes!" I bellowed, the fairy flinched at my booming voice. "If we don't find that Ocarina, we're all doomed!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok ok, GEEZ!" Tatl muttered defensively. "Just calm down, take a breath, and think. Surely no one stole it from you. What could have possibly happened to it?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I took a deep breath and roughly massaged my temples. I winced as I felt the second skin almost tear away and I pushed my palms against it, keeping it in place.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"I hate this thing. I can't even </span>
      <span class="c16">think </span>
      <span class="c8">properly without it falling off!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wait... Link, that's it! The mask!" Tatl chimed. "It's a complete magical change, so maybe it totally alters your gear, as well as your clothes and weapons!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So... What you're saying is that I can only play my Ocarina without my mask? Only as a blasted idiot girl?!" I growled, the heat of the sun making my anger worse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Apparently! Now calm down! It's not such a bad thing, and it could always be worse!" Tatl chided, wagging her tiny fingers at me. "I've seen the Skull Kid tear things apart with his mind, and explode people from the inside out. It's a wonder you're even alive after both failed encounters. Now take off the mask and play your flute thing! This heat is making me crazy!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I scowled at the pixie, seething that she was probably right, and hissed a response through my teeth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Fine...stupid fairy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I hesitated for a moment, then reached for the mask, bracing myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">The transformation back hit fast, a torrent of twisting, tightening, </span>
      <span class="c16">shrinking</span>
      <span class="c8">. I clenched my teeth as my limbs reformed, my clothes shifting around a suddenly unfamiliar body. When it passed, I gasped for breath...lighter, smaller, back to this stupid form.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"There...*huff*... happy now?" I gasped at the fairy as the shifting finished.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes...sort of. Now can you hurry?" Tatl replied.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes at the fairy, watching my crimson locks sway as I reached into the pouch behind the restored cloak. Sure enough, the Ocarina was resting within. I gripped the instrument and pulled it to my face, pursing my lips. The Ocarina once more echoed throughout the area as I played the Song of Time. I focused my thoughts towards time flowing normally. The final notes echoed across the fields. A breeze stirred. And the world shivered around us as the cool air seemed to refresh the lands again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Well...you were right after all, Tatl.” I sighed, “I can only use the Ocarina in this body. Wonderful...."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">As I returned the instrument to my belt, the sun began to quickly retreat down to the horizon. As if it were attempting to restore itself within the present. The cool breeze suddenly became freezing gusts, and then mighty gales which knocked me to the ground. Tatl gripped onto my bow for dear life as I desperately tried to keep from blowing away as a frozen icicle. As quick as it started, the tempest suddenly ceased and the world once again became silent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm...what just happened?" Tatl hovered, flabbergasted at the now-dark sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I think that was time catching up to itself. So much for trying to get ahead... I hope we bought ourselves a little more at least." I gasped and stood up, brushing away frozen sweat and dust room my face and clothing.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I dunno, but I'm sure everyone is freaking out right now. Between the moon, the sun, and crazy wind, I think I'd have gone bonkers if I didn't already know what was going on!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Me, too. Maybe we shouldn't stop time again. It might be worse than just heat and wind next time. Oh, and umm...sorry for snapping at you earlier...I didn't mean it. The sun was probably affecting my mood."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Yeah, you better be sorry!" Tatl smirked. "If it happens again, I'll have to tear </span>
      <span class="c16">you </span>
      <span class="c8">to pieces, wahaha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh I don't doubt it, Mighty Tatl, great fairy warrior!" I stated in mock reverence. "May great destruction reign down upon those tiny flies that dare to challenge you!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, ok... let's get moving before you break a nail or something."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ha! You know you really do belong on a stage, entertaining everyone with such hilarious jokes."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shook my head as Tatl giggled with soft chimes, and resumed the trek toward the copse of trees near the Star Chamber ahead. We moved quickly as the sun set, and soon reached the first few trees. I slowed, and listened carefully for monsters lying in wait. I lightly stepped underneath the canopy, and into the shadows. Thankfully, the going was easy since the ground was solid now, not the sludgy muck it was last time we came through the area. Flitting my gaze around as I walked with my bow at the ready, I asked the glimmering fairy flying over my shoulder where the path was.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You just have to keep going further in, it should be to the right of that slope up ahead." She whispered, hovering next to my ear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I nodded and adjusted course. I heard leaves rustling above and aimed up at the sound. Two pairs of glowing red eyes swooped down, coming straight for us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The black bats' leathery wings were huge, ending in ferocious claws. They came at us, screeching loudly with large fangs protruding from their open maws. My nimble fingers, now more familiar with the bow, expertly loosed two magic bolts at the Bad Bats. The arrows hit their targets dead on, and the winged monsters flopped clumsily to the ground, their heads replaced by sizzling holes. I swiveled my head, ensuring that no others had joined in the assault.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Do you see any more?" I asked the anxious pixie.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl looked all around. "I think we're safe for now. I don't hear anything else."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I hastened my steps onward. We quickly moved around the slope ahead, and sure enough discovered a well- beaten path of gravel and dirt. I paused on the road, trying to figure out which way to go. One direction curved east, leading out of the forest and likely toward town. The other way went south, around the hill. Tatl tugged on my cloak, pulling me in the southern direction.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"C'mon, keep moving before more monsters find us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, I can move on my own, you know?" I berated. "Ease up on the pulling!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The rushed fairy released the fabric and flew to my ear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok, well the swamp isn't far from here. If we hurry we can get there before sunrise...-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl was cut off when we both heard a loud rumbling up ahead. We both turned to see a white cart coming into view as it rounded the hill, drawn by strongly built horses. I say that the driver was a lanky, shirtless man with a straw hat and tanned leather chaps. Not wanting to draw extra attention, we dashed to the side of the road and hid behind one of the tree trunks. I didn't want to be delayed any longer, especially by yet another violent encounter should the driver prove to be hostile. Tatl ducked underneath my cloak to hide her luminous form standing out in the twilight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The horses slowed as they passed on by, but the cart stopped right next to our tree with the driver pulling on the reins with a shout.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ya'll out there hiding in the woods better come out now, 'afore I blow ya to kingdom come!" The driver shouted in a country twang, not unlike Talon from Lon Lon Ranch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I slowly peeked around the trunk, while silently preparing another magic arrow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah, I sees ya! This ain't my first rodeo now, git on out in the open!" The rough man produced a bomb, and readied a match to light it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok ok!" I reslung my bow and stepped away from the tree. "Just put that away before you kill all of us!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Where's yer friend? The shiny one?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl reluctantly flew out of cover, grumbling, sharing my irritation at the delay.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now, ya'll tell me if there are any more of you, or we all go kablooey! I ain't lettin' no bandits steal our milk this time!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man inched the lit match toward the fuse. Determination shone in his eyes, as the fire danced shadows along his features.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, wait, there are only two of us! We're just trying to make our way to the swamp, now relax and put that thing away!" I snapped. The man paused, then relented, puffing out the tiny flame.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hoo wee...this day's just a'goin all kinds of cracked! You tellin me tiny things like ya'll headed for the swamp? Must be crazier than a croc... but between that moon, the sun, and all around weather, I' bound to believe anythin' at this point." The wiry driver scratched his chin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ummm right. Well, we must be off now. Farewell!" I waved as we scooted past the cart and the still confused man.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now now, Missy, you can't be serious about going there! The swamp'll eat you alive, I tell ya! And the deku scrubs are like to capture you two for trespassing! They been actin' real strange. Everything's been goin' kooky since that moon grew a face. These are the end times I tell ya!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Exactly, so we have to go before it's too late!" Tatl flew up to the man's tanned, scraggly face. "There's no time for us to chit chat! Especially with your poor grasp of language."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Shooty dawg if you ain't a cranky one....Yipes!” The man waved Tatl away with a surprised yelp, “Fine fine! I gotta get these supplies to town anyways a'fore I run into any more trouble. Good luck to ya'll! Oh, and I reckon if ya'll change your mind, my ranch is right up th' road if ya need a place to stay the night!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The man shucked his reins and the horse-drawn cart creaked along as bottles clanged together in the back of the wagon. I heard him distantly mumble something about 'crazy fillies' and 'everything running amuck' as the cart vanished from view behind the trees. Tatl and I shrugged to each other and took off running around the bend where the cart came from.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A few thin trees rested beside the path as we passed the hill, but the sky was clearly visible and stars twinkled peacefully in the night sky above. The moon was larger now, with its gravely visage piercing down upon the world in silent malice. I shivered; the face of the cursed satellite gave me chills. It served as an ever-looming reminder of why I was here, what inevitable doom was coming if I failed. But I pressed onward, intent on saving this world. That was what I was made for, even if I lost my old body.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">An hour passed by as we followed the trail, and I fought to keep my eyes open. I hadn't had any sleep yet, and the constant action of these past few days had worn away the Great Fairy's vigor that was given to me. I wasn't the only one struggling though.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm getting tired, Link... we should stop somewhere and make camp." Tatl loudly yawned and plopped onto my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, we need to..." I yawned after the fairy, releasing a sleepy squeak. I cleared my throat and continued, shaking myself awake. "Aherm, we need to keep moving... "</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Aww, see? You're just as exhausted as me." Tatl expressed, rubbing her eyes. "Can we at least stop for a small nap?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No..." I huffed. "Look, we're almost there. The road splits up ahead!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The path diverged right and left. A broken signpost sat between the road, the split pieces on the ground had the letters "Swa " and "Ranch" painted on them, but gave no clear direction.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm...you said go right, yeah?" I questioned Tatl, who was quickly falling asleep.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah...right..." The drowsy pixie repeated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I plodded to the right, shuffling my feet through the dirt. A nap did sound nice, and I seriously considered it while my feet ambled further down the road. As I debated with myself, a bright ball of light flashed by in the night sky, moving far too erratically to be a shooting star or comet, making an infernal screeching noise. I turned to the sleeping fairy on my shoulder and nudged her awake with my bare finger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hey, wake up." I whispered. "Is that type of thing normal out here?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The bright orb darted down the road away from us, and Tatl squinted after it and opened her eyes wide.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Uhhh no. Not at all! What is that thing?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I'm not sure, but I've got a bad feeling about it. I've never seen anything like it before. Maybe we should umm...go the other way. Sleeping until dawn at that ranch, or whatever you said it was, doesn't seem like such a bad idea!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I felt goosebumps rise along my arms, and quivered from the chilling sound the thing produced as it followed the trail. Tatl, fully awake now, nodded and drifted off of my shoulder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I think that you might be right. I'm super creeped out...so...let's go before it comes back!" Tatl twinkled in fright, fairy dust falling to the ground as she shivered as well.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl and I turned around, and fled to follow the other road opposite the ranch. Only after I was certain that the thing wasn't coming for us, did I slow down, taking deep breaths to calm my nerves. Tatl looked worriedly behind us, but was relieved to learn that the thing had ignored us. I took in the surroundings, checking for any other new threats. Trees were plentiful down this way, and the air was thick with moisture, carrying with it a foul stench.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So, this path looks, and smells, more...swampy than the other. I think we're headed in the right direction." I said to Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It's been awhile since I've been down this way. The swamp is not the most pleasant of places so I try to avoid it. Before we go any further though...I think we should sleep. It only gets worse from here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yeah...you're probably right. We can find somewhere safe to take a short nap I guess." I mumbled while rubbing my eyes. "I doubt I'd be able to save anything if I collapse from exhaustion..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl nodded, and I sluggishly glanced around the trail for a nook or cranny to tuck into. The damp ground surrounding us was a definite no, but the thick branches high on the trees above looked promising. A short climb should be easy, so I veered toward the next trunk and began shimmying up the bark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Come on, ugh... we'll be relatively safe up here." I grunted as I scrambled up to the largest branch, and wedged myself between it and the trunk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Whatever you say, as long as I can snooze in peace." The fairy yawned.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl nestled herself in my warm cloak, chiming in comfort as she got settled. I was too sleepy to mind, and it wasn't long at all before we both drifted to sleep. The crickets chirped and all manner of nocturnal animals yipped and squawked, serving as a natural lullaby. I quickly forgot about the ball of fire, and allowed my eyes to relax shut, falling almost immediately into a dreamless sleep.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
