<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_3"/>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.u208proyoz0r">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Five</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.rfoeg5219k6j">
      <span class="c14">The Great Fairy</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c24">
      <span class="c6">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c7">
      <span class="c8">The intense light radiating from the figure began to dim, and I saw a large, imposing fairy gracefully emerge. Her presence was ethereal—otherworldly. The Great Fairy's hair cascaded like silken flame, pink and impossibly weightless, drifting as if underwater. She was clothed head to toe in garments woven from living flora: smooth green vines twined around her glittering arms and legs, while blossoms of every color shimmered across her body like living jewels. Atop her head sat a crown of roses, deep and dark as burgundy wine, twisted together like sacred twine. All around her, minuscule fairies danced in celebration, their twinkling wings forming halos of light around the return of their queen. I had seen Great Fairies before—but none with this elegance, this strange and solemn beauty.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"You have done it, young Hero, and you have my eternal thanks. Please, allow me to heal your wounds…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She extended her hands toward me. I closed my eyes and felt a warm, golden sensation envelop me, flowing over my skin and deep into my spirit. The aches and fears that had clung to me like chains began to fall away. My hunger, my exhaustion, the tension in my limbs—gone. It felt like sinking into a childhood dream, some half-remembered place where I had once felt truly safe. I stood beneath her magic as if in the sun after days of rain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A few moments later, the energy gently withdrew. I opened my eyes and met her gaze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Young Hero of Ages," she said softly, "as I tended to your wounds, I glimpsed far deeper—into the weave of your soul. There, I sensed greatness, and an immense power shining within. But I also felt a shadow: a very strong and dark magic entwining with your essence, warping it." A look of sorrow crossed her radiant face. "I’m afraid I cannot undo what the Skull Kid has done. His newfound power... it is greater than mine."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned slowly to Tatl, dismay tightening in my chest. Her glow was flickering red with alarm, and her expression crumpled with helpless terror. I didn’t need her to speak—I could see it in her trembling light. If even this majestic being could not stop what was happening to me, then what hope did we have?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Great Fairy’s own brow furrowed. Around her, the small fairies flitted faster, chittering in unrest, winding through the plumes of her hair like scattered sparks.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"So... what, I’m helpless here?" I snapped, the words tumbling out harsher than I meant. "I can’t do anything but wait for this curse to finish with... well, </span>
      <span class="c16">whatever</span>
      <span class="c8"> it’s doing to me?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"You are not helpless, young one," she replied, her voice a chord of calm conviction. "In truth, you are still the </span>
      <span class="c16">most</span>
      <span class="c8"> capable soul in this realm to face the darkness. The path forward will be yours to carve—but carve it you must, for if the Skull Child is not stopped, all life here will fall into shadow."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I lowered my gaze to my feet, but my eyes betrayed me—drawn instead to the delicate weight resting on my chest, and the strands of golden hair brushing softly against my collarbone. I closed my eyes, trying to quiet the chaos in my heart. It would not be her who saved me. If there was any hope of breaking this spell, of understanding what was being done to me, I would have to find it myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright….I guess I have no choice. But if I must do this, I'm going to need help." I said as I looked at Tatl.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The white fairy made eye contact and jerked back in surprise, her wings faltering mid-hover as if she, too, hadn’t expected me to reach out. For a moment, hope and hesitation warred inside me—was I really asking her for help, or was I just too desperate to stand alone any longer?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"M-me?" She asked in astonishment. "Why would you want </span>
      <span class="c16">my</span>
      <span class="c8"> help? I'm one of the reasons that you're even in this predicament! That curse must be driving you crazy…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I stepped closer to her. "I could be going crazy, or maybe this curse is in fact weakening my judgment, but either way...I desperately need help. And I think that you would be my best case support here...You know this place far better than I do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl just hovered in silence for a moment or two. Then she began quivering, sending tiny trails of glimmering fairy dust tumbling from her wings. A tiny grunt sounded and she nodded.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"Fine...but </span>
      <span class="c16">only</span>
      <span class="c15"> because my brother could be in grave danger….and I might feel a </span>
      <span class="c16">little</span>
      <span class="c8"> guilty about what's happening to you." Tatl's voice rang. "And don't think that we're going to be friends or anything, I just owe you! But ….thanks I guess. Thanks for giving me a chance." She muttered, then smiled at me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I returned her smile and turned back to the Great Fairy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So..." I spoke in my strangely higher pitched voice, "I guess we are all set to go now, although I have no clue on where to start. I really hope you have some kind of idea of how I should proceed?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Great Fairy pondered for a second, then snapped her fingers. A troop of her fairy escorts flew up to her face and the Great Fairy nodded to them. The fairies chimed in unison and flew into the back of the cave. The large, opulent Fairy returned her attention to Tatl and I.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I believe the first place you should investigate is the Star Chamber, just outside of town. There you will meet with an old astronomer named Reton. The moon has been looking very strange and... terrifying, recently. I'm sure that it's a clue to the Skull Kid's whereabouts."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That old kook?" Tatl twinkled, "He's as crazy as a bombchu on magic dust! How could he possibly help?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Great Fairy shot Tatl a look of disapproval and continued.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"First try leaving the town through one of the city's various gates. The Star Chamber is just to the south of Clock Town. If that doesn't work, there's a small group of local boys, outcasts and orphans mostly, that have come to call this Star Chamber their secret hideout. They should know of a special way into the Chamber, but I've been told that only members of their little club are allowed to use it. So I'm afraid that you are going to have to somehow earn their respect...and it likely will not be easy due to how the skull kid's curse is affecting your appearance."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Wait, what? Affecting my appearance?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My breath caught, and I instinctively touched my face, then glanced down at my hands—smaller, thinner than I remembered. A chill crept up my spine. Was I really changing that much? I hadn’t checked my reflection since leaving the tower. The thought that my appearance might already be unrecognizable sent a flicker of panic through my chest.  What did I look like now? I didn't have a chance to ask as the small fairy squad returned, carrying a glistening item.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The Great Fairy took the item and thanked them. She then reached out with her arms once again, and the object drifted gently into my open hands. It was a bow—unlike any I had ever seen. I turned it over reverently. The wood shimmered with a deep sapphire luster, almost as if the night sky itself had been woven into its grain. Etched along its limbs were delicate carvings of roses in various stages of bloom, their thorny stems entwined like a protective bramble. Subtle streaks of iridescent green shimmered beneath the surface, shifting in the light like dragonfly wings. Its grip was wrapped in a soft, supple leather the color of dew-touched ivy, textured like a living vine. The bowstring, impossibly fine, glowed faintly with silvery filaments—like moonlight captured in silk thread. It felt impossibly light, balanced, and somehow... alive in my hands, like it had been waiting for me all along. I looked back up to the Great Fairy, awestruck.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"This bow is amazing !" I said incredulously. "I've never seen such fine craftsmanship!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"That bow was given to me as a gift long ago, by an old and dying hag from another land." The Fairy responded. "I had helped to heal her soul from an evil that tormented her. She said it would prove to be invaluable when the world was in a diresome state. How correct in her prediction she was…. But I digress. I have a feeling you will be needing it, and that it will serve a more fulfilling purpose with you rather than sitting here, languishing away in this fountain."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I was almost speechless at the priceless gift, and I bowed deeply.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"I will definitely treasure this, and make sure that it is used to its full potential..." I vowed reverently.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I flourished in farewell, and prepared to leave with Tatl. The Great Fairy wished us luck, and prayed that I succeeded in my quest as we exited the fountain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">We departed from the cave entrance, and I noticed that dawn was quickly approaching. The sun, just barely peeking over the edge of the horizon, was blood red, signalling a stormy day. I looked toward the area where the mask salesman would be, half-expecting to see his crooked smile and erratic gestures still occupying the stall. A flicker of unease passed through me when I saw the space empty—just flattened grass where his stand had once been. Had he moved? Disappeared?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c16">Odd…</span>
      <span class="c15"> I thought. </span>
      <span class="c16">He may have moved to a more profitable part of town</span>
      <span class="c8">.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I searched around the park for any signs of the salesman or troop of boys the Great Fairy mentioned, but it must have been too early as the park was silent and empty. I asked Tatl to go search one side of the area, while I looked around the other. A faint breeze was beginning to whisper through the trees, bringing a damp chill upon its breath. I walked around the area, looking for any sign of those kids or the mask salesman, but turned up with nothing. Ready to move the search on to another part of town, I called out to inform Tatl and started to walk towards the park exit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"There's no one here! We need to move on to another area and find that mask salesman! Then we'll give him an upda—AAAARRGHH!" I screamed, my body seizing in sudden agony. An unbearable fire lanced through my spine like wildfire, sharp and twisting, as if my very bones were rebelling against me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The awful burning sensation was back—stronger, sharper, more agonizing than ever! I doubled over and fell to the ground, clenching my stomach as a cry tore from my throat. Tatl must have heard, because she was at my side in seconds, darting frantically through the air like a panicked hummingbird.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My body began to jerk in violent spasms, twisting uncontrollably. That same aura from before, the one that had wrapped itself around my soul, writhed within my skin like a molten serpent. It felt like something inside me was dissolving—changing—becoming something it was never meant to be. My limbs buckled as if they were being crushed in a vice, and my face felt like it was being gnawed on by ravenous Wolfos. I could barely breathe. Streams of salty tears spilled from my clenched eyes, and black spots blossomed behind my lids as consciousness began to fade.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hold on!" I choked through gritted teeth. "Hold on!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">At last, the boiling agony began to ebb, the tearing faded, and my writhing stilled. I lay limp on the dew-soaked grass, every breath labored. I blinked open my eyes and tried to rise, but my muscles refused. I tried again, dragging my arms beneath me. Tatl tugged at my tunic's collar with surprising strength, helping me shift from sprawled on my belly to resting on my knees.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I pushed up shakily—and face planted directly into the grass. Thankfully, it was softer than stone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ummm... maybe you should take it easy for a second," Tatl suggested, gently tapping my forehead. She pointed toward a tall oak tree behind me. "There's a tree right there you can lean against."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I groaned, a cough bubbling up from deep in my throat. Something dislodged—like a blockage coming loose—and I hacked repeatedly. I raised a hand to rub my neck and felt the gauntlet slide clean off. My breath caught.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My hand was... wrong. The fingers were slender, longer, more delicate. My nails were smooth, clean—nothing like the calloused, dirt-caked warrior’s hands I knew. I flexed them. They obeyed, but it felt foreign. Disconnected.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">What was happening to me?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now now..." Tatl’s voice was soft. "It’s going to be okay. Stay calm… Let’s just get you to that tree."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">I stared at her, speechless, then gave a reluctant nod. I began to crawl toward the oak, my limbs still shaking. Silken strands of strawberry-blonde hair kept falling into my eyes—long enough now to sweep past my shoulders. I angrily blew them away. </span>
      <span class="c16">Just get to the tree,</span>
      <span class="c15"> I told myself. </span>
      <span class="c17">Don’t look. Don’t think. Just move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hovered at my side, pulling gently at my sleeve as I dragged myself the last few feet. I slumped against the rough bark, muscles trembling with exhaustion. I felt like I’d run a thousand miles through fire. Tatl was panting, wings fluttering erratically, but she managed to pat my head with a breathless, encouraging touch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c15">"There! -pant, pant</span>
      <span class="c16">-</span>
      <span class="c8"> We made it," she wheezed. "Just relax... for a second."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Supported by the tree, I finally dared to look at myself. I raised my right hand, turning it over, studying it. Reddish-blonde hair drifted into view again, and I caught a lock between my fingers. It was silky, smooth... too soft. Too real.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I yanked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A high-pitched yelp burst from me. "Owww!" I gasped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl winced. "Yeah, you shouldn't do that. Pulling on long hair tends to hurt."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I shot her a scowl, but her expression softened with apology.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, okay… I’m sorry. That came out a little harsh," she muttered. "I just don’t know how to react. I’ve never seen this before." She hesitated, then added, "Buuut... as much as I’m sure you don’t want to hear this… I think you may need some new clothing."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I looked down. My Kokiri tunic now hung from my body like a bathrobe several sizes too large. And... the lumps I’d felt the day before had grown. Round. Full. Soft. Real.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I turned away, flushed with embarrassment, hiding my face behind my hair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Umm… look. It’s...uh... starting to get brighter," Tatl said hesitantly. "Soon people will be out and about. We really should find you something to wear. I think Clock Town has strict laws about human nudity in public… and... you’re just barely skirting those laws. Uhh… no offense."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I glared at her, too mortified to speak.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Okay, how about this: I’ll go try to find something for you to wear while you return to the Great Fairy’s fountain and wait. That way you won’t attract any unwanted attention, and I can figure out our next move. What do you say?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I rolled my eyes and used the tree for balance, Tatl once again tugging at my hand to help. I managed to rise, legs wobbly as pudding. My first step slipped—my foot slid right out of my boot—and I would have hit the ground again if not for Tatl and the tree catching me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My white cloth pants nearly slipped down with it. I yanked them up with a furious tug and growled under my breath. Enough. I kicked off the remaining boot in frustration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I really liked those boots. Sturdy, reliable, practically indestructible. Perfect for swordplay and travel. But... I couldn’t wear them anymore. Not like this.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl fluttered down to gather the boots and fallen gauntlets. I took a steadying breath and tested my balance again. My legs felt slightly stronger—enough to walk.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">And so, with nothing fitting, everything changing, and the sun rising behind us, we made our unsteady way back to the fountain…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I didn't know what awaited me there...but for now the next step was all I could take.</span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
