<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_27"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.h7eiq1i19mty">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Thirty-One</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.33c1zmd0bkck">
      <span class="c14">Trapped</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c39">
      <span class="c41">
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I once again found myself back in Hyrule, but dark clouds filled the sky over the fertile green lands. The grass and trees of the field swayed as damp gusts of wind blew in from the north. I looked northward to Hyrule Castle, at those familiar towers and ramparts looming high, and narrowed my eyes as I saw lightning flashing all around it. Something was wrong. I whistled loudly over the rising wind for Epona, and listened for her whinny. No response. Something was very wrong, and I immediately began to sprint toward the castle, fearing the worst. Thunder boomed in the distance and rain began to pour down. Suddenly, a bright flash of lightning split the ground before me into a crumbling chasm between me and the castle's direction, effectively blocking my advance. I slid to a halt and witnessed a huge version of that sinister Majora's Mask rise from the newly formed rift. I rolled back away from the edge, drawing my sword in the process. The mask began to pulsate strangely, contorting and twisting like a living thing. Then, with a wet, sickening crunch not unlike the sound of bones breaking, it began sprouting gangly, maroon arms and legs with brightly colored tattoos covering them. A demonic head, covered in its own set of tribal tattoos, boiled up like a wart rising from the top of the mask, complete with pointed horns, sharp fangs, and a single, leering green eye filled with wrathful hate.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With an inhuman roar, the ghastly entity shot long, sinewy whips from its arms. The lengths cracked towards me, and I leapt to the side, attempting to bring my sword down to sever the whips. I swung, but my strike came up empty as my sword had suddenly disappeared! I had no time to realize where my sword went as the tendrils slapped into me and knocked me to the ground. Winded, I shakily got to my feet to get some distance, but to no avail. The muscle-like lengths wrapped around my legs and drew me closer to the edge of the cliff as I squirmed and wriggled to get away. The terrible orange and emerald eyes of the mask body lit up like flames the closer I got to it. Unarmed and helpless, the binding whips squeezed and coiled around my entire body like a serpent readying to devour its prey, until only my head was free. The mask creature cackled with sinister animosity as it dipped beneath the trench walls, pulling me into the depths with it. As I fell into the chasm, the last image I saw was the demonic face grinning fiendishly, and then darkness...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I gasped and my eyes shot open. I quickly sat up in fear, flailing my arms to fight free of the whip-like appendages, only to knock my head on an overhanging tree branch and wake Tatl in the process.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Whoa what the-! Link what's wrong?" The fairy panicked as she instinctively took flight.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I clasped both hands to my head to rub the pain away, hissing and clenching my teeth. Along with the unwelcome headache, my clothes were damp with either cold sweat or morning dew, and I was shivering from the chill in the pre-dawn air. The cold bit deep, mingling with the lingering terror in my chest. The mask's eerie laughter echoed in my mind, and I could almost feel the phantom coils still wrapped around my limbs. I exhaled sharply to steady myself. Needless to say, I was grumpy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Urghh...nothing Tatl… Just a bad dream!" I growled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Geez, you have those a lot don't you?" Tatl ignored my irritable response and fluttered closer in concern. "Hmmm. Looks like you hit your head pretty hard there. Are you ok? Lemme see it."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No I'm fine. Just a bump…" I muttered and waved the fairy away, massaging the slowly forming knot. "Sorry for waking you up though. You can go back to sleep if you want."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Nope, I'm awake now. Besides, it looks like rain... again. I doubt we'd have slept for much longer before it tried to drown us..." The fairy chimed glumly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Looking around from our perch in the tree, I saw the threatening rain clouds Tatl mentioned looming above. Judging by the moist, earthy scent in the air, a heavy downpour would be happening soon. I searched for Ratt to see if he was nearby—the sooner we could be off, the better. But there was no sign of him nor anyone else.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Hmph… I thought to myself. That mischievous boy must be hiding somewhere, probably right around the corner as usual.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well...I guess let's find Ratt. He's probably not too far off," I stated aloud. "Hopefully he'll take us right to the Goron and we'll be long gone by the time the rain really comes down."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh gods I hope so…" Tatl muttered, already sounding annoyed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Without another word I skillfully hopped down the tree, using the branches as stairs, and waited for Tatl to catch up before I started toward the dirt path. I only assumed Ratt would just pop up from some bush, or from behind some tree, but after a few minutes of walking around, Tatl and I both began to lose our patience. Tatl's movement grew more erratic, her wings buzzed faster, and she zipped in agitated loops around my head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Sheesh! Where is that brat?" Tatl's high voice finally echoed in the empty park, sharper than before, her glow pulsing with irritation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's a very good question. He did say he'd catch up with us. I wonder if he said something about meeting somewhere else?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pfft. He should've been more specific, we don't have time for these stupid games!" The fairy plunked down onto my shoulder. "I mean, we have a world to save and all. Besides, he's already on my chit list."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Your chit list?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Yeah, my chit list. Like, a list of people that I have problems with. For each problem I give them a chit, like a mental… yeah, whatever, you get the idea."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Umm yeah I guess. But why him? What did he do?" I asked in amused curiosity.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh like you don't know, pfft."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl joked, but after seeing my confused stare her smile faded. With a furrow of her brow she skipped off my shoulder and hovered in front of my face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Wait, you don't? Do you even know how you've been acting these past few days? How you act when he's around?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I haven't been acting like anything, what are you getting at?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Seriously? Every time that kid shows up you can't take your eyes off him and act like a lovestruck pony!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"No I don't!" I protested, stopping to focus on my friend's luminous form. "I only stared at him because he moved so quickly, I didn't want to get lost in those alleys! And I'm not in any way acting like a lovestruck pony."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl floated closer to my face, her wings fluttering in short, irritated bursts as she narrowed her eyes with suspicious worry. There was a charged flicker behind her gaze—not just concern, but something closer to jealousy or protectiveness, like she was bracing herself for something she didn’t want to admit. She opened her mouth with an accusatory glint in her eyes, when a large raindrop pelted her in the face, halting her response and causing her to drop. I caught her in my hand and dashed toward one of the tunnel-like passages out of the park into the main districts to get out of the now steadily falling rain. Once in the tunnel, I swiped the wet strands of scarlet hair out of my face to check on Tatl, who was coughing and sputtering something about the dumb sky falling.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, hey...are you hurt?" I lifted her to eye level.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Pbbth, stupid...*cough cough*...water! You try being the size of a human finger and get slapped with a giant, speeding ball of water!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I can't imagine it being fun, I guess today just isn't our day. We've both had our hard knocks, hmm?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Both? I'm the one who's suffering here. I've got to deal nearly drowning on top of being the only one with a brain while keeping clueless, ungrateful children out of trouble!" Tatl hissed and stomped on my palm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhhh…. did I interrupt something?" Came a familiar voice behind us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I jerked my head around to see Ratt standing awkwardly at the end of the tunnel.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh! Umm...no we're just having a normal conversation...kind of!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I quickly dropped my hand and shuffled around to face him, momentarily forgetting about Tatl and accidentally dropping her. A twinkle of surprise followed by an angry tirade of mumbled rants buzzed from the pixie, and I quickly apologized, trying to help her off the wet ground. Understandably, she kicked my hand and launched from the ground in a huff.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Heheh, uhh...right." Ratt laughed nervously and walked over to us. "So, I thought you might be hungry and brought us some breakfast. Although… I'm sad to say that I don't know what fairies eat sooo… I'm sorry Tatl."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt pulled two apples from a nearly empty sack he was carrying, his movements a touch slower than usual. Dark circles beneath his eyes hinted at exhaustion, and the way he shifted his weight—favoring one leg—suggested lingering aches from their recent ordeals. After slinging the worn sack over his back, he offered a sheepish grin, as though trying to mask the toll the past day had taken on him. My stomach immediately began to growl, I'd forgotten that I had hardly eaten anything for days.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Oh you don't know?" Tatl said in honeyed sarcasm, "Why, we fairies only eat sunshine, laughter and happiness!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt continued to grin, but unease was clear in his gaze. He reached an apple toward me and I all but snatched it from his hand. I gave Tatl a look of fierce disapproval and began to wolf down the fruit without a second thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Omigosh tharnk yoo!" I graciously thanked Ratt with a mouthful, then turned to scorn my rude friend. "Cormorn Tatl, eaze op! He merns well!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt ate his own apple patiently, making a face like he was trying to hold back a laugh, and eventually released a chuckle as he watched me devour my apple.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hehe, wow! You must've been hungry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hmm?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I looked down at the apple to see it was already down to the core, its sticky sweetness still lingering on my lips. The sudden realization stirred a small wave of discomfort—part embarrassment, part something else I couldn't name. Not just from the hunger sated, but from the quiet truth that I'd let myself go without food for far too long. Worse still, I’d devoured it like an animal, right in front of Ratt. My face flushed hotly with shame... not only from being seen so unguarded, but because some part of me cared how he saw me. That thought alone made my throat tighten. I quickly wiped the sugary residue off my chin, pretending to be composed, even as my heart twisted with awkward self-awareness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oh yeah...well, umm...I haven't really eaten in three days. I've been…kinda busy."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl, who had grown steadily more tense with each moment, abruptly channeled her frustration into a sharp, stinging kick to my ear. Her wings buzzed angrily as she darted upward again, her movements short and jagged—more than just annoyance, there was real anger simmering beneath her reactions, something that felt personal and unresolved. I clasped an empty hand over it and shouted in pain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Owwwch! What the…! Why'd you do that?!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Tatl merely stuck out her tongue and retreated upwards from my irritable swatting. I caressed my ear tenderly and groaned in frustration.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c35">Cursed, goddess-forsaken fairies</span>
      <span class="c33">… I mumbled inwardly and continued eating the last bits of the apple.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh...are you ok there? Has your…friend... been doing that all morning?" Ratt asked, noticing the bump on my forehead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Yes, I mean, well… not my head, that was my own fault." I said as I swiftly gulped the rest of the apple down and dropped the core. "But she </span>
      <span class="c35">has been acting strange lately…well stranger</span>
      <span class="c33">. Aiee!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I yelped out again as Tatl roughly yanked my ponytail, and I angrily lashed out at her, hoping I'd connect with my fist and knock some sense into the rogue fairy. The precocious pixie rose up into the air again, but must've forgotten that my extreme agility gave me a higher jumping advantage. My strike probably would've hit if it hadn't been for Ratt catching my other arm to pull me away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Woah woah! What's going on between you guys? You were like best friends yesterday morning, now you two are fighting like cats?" The boy interjected and stepped between us.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">We were all silent for a moment. The short tunnel was filled only with the sounds of rain and distant thunder. Ratt still held onto my arm in case I decided to go for Tatl, while his free hand was poised to block the fairy from getting to me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I have no idea why! Let me go!" I exclaimed and tried to tear my arm away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"That's right, you have no idea. Which is why I'm staying here! Just go without me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Fine!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I stomped a foot in frustration, then swiftly proceeded down the tunnel, away from the park and into the rain, dragging Ratt along with me.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey hey, c-calm down!" Ratt pleaded over the rain, barely managing to hold onto my arm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"No, she…! I...</span>
      <span class="c35">uurrghhh</span>
      <span class="c33">!" I stopped walking, but I was far too angry to communicate or care about the pouring rain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok, uhhh….let me take you to the Goron kid real quick I guess... Maybe then you two will be calm enough to-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Ratt suddenly crumpled to the wet cement pathway when a large rock glanced off the top of his head. I had no time to react as heavy ropes looped over my shoulders to tie around my waist and legs, binding my hands and feet and preventing me from getting to my bow. At least five people, all dressed in shoddy clothing, burst forth from behind trees and buildings with the sudden, chaotic energy of a trap being sprung. The air filled with the slap of rain against their worn boots and the sharp hiss of rope being thrown, and my pulse spiked with a rush of panic—there was no time to react, no warning, only instinct and dread. the ropes around me were pulled tight and my left shoulder painfully crashed to the ground beside Ratt.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Get off me you barbarian</span>
      <span class="c35">mrrhh mmhh!</span>
      <span class="c33">" I cried out, but a filthy rag that tasted of dirt, sweat, and blood was stuffed into and tied over my mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Quick, get 'er bow!" Ordered one of the bald, hulking brutes with facial hair, standing at the top of the tunnel wall. "And search 'er good! I don't want no surprises!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I squirmed and kicked as best I could manage, yet my bow was ripped off my back as another set of hands roughly rummaged through my belt satchels. Panic clawed up my throat as I twisted my head to see a squinty-eyed, wiry man with missing teeth and oily, thinning hair pull out my Ocarina and masks. Seeing those sacred items—the core of so many battles, so much identity—tossed aside like worthless trinkets sparked something bitter and helpless in my chest. He sneered at the priceless treasures, letting them clatter to the wet earth with a cruel smirk, then caught me looking. That glance, that moment—stripped, bound, and powerless—made something sink cold and deep into my stomach.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ahhh wot a pretty lil' catch you are, eh? Hmhmhmhm!" He laughed through his bulbous nose and drew closer, squinting his eyes even more as his grin widened.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I coiled back from the rotten stench of his breath, then reeled as his scarred, rough hand partially opened my cloak and slid from my neck down the front of my body, stopping at my chest....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Oy, Squam! Get yer damned grubs out o' there, you mangy dog!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The bulky, brown-bearded man at the top of the wall leapt down, easily landing on his feet, and kicked the man off of me with black, heavy leather boots. I silently thanked the gods.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"You know she's for the boss, you diseased stalchild!" The leader bellowed as he beat the thin, stringy underling. "If you so much as lay a single digit on 'is prize again, I'll kill ya and feed ya to the sharks!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The rest of the group were transfixed on the violent beating, and I noticed Ratt was still out cold, lying amidst the puddles rippling in the rain. I strained against the ropes in an attempt to loosen them as I looked around, but it was no use. I reluctantly ceased my struggle, deciding instead to look around and try to formulate a plan. Now that the sun was coming up, I could see there were now seven soaked, disheveled, yet menacing cutthroats around us. The man, who I assumed to be the ringleader, continued to blast the disgusting bandit with a flurry of kicks. Finally, after ensuring that the vile man named Squam was properly subdued, the leader barked orders to the others.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Right. Anyone else wanna piece? No? Then let's move quick, eh? The guards'll be over here soon. Derzo, pick the rat up! I'll take the mouse here."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">One of the more muscle bound vagabonds, wearing an open tan vest and baggy gray pants, stepped over to Ratt and plucked him up off the ground like a toy and threw the unconscious youth over his shoulder. The leader, just as big as Derzo, picked me up with similar treatment. I caught a glimpse back through the tunnel to see if Tatl had seen any of this, but there was no sign of the fairy. The last things I saw before a black blindfold covered my eyes were two other gangsters grabbing my things and the entire squad ducking into an alley.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I rode, thoroughly soaked, for what felt like hours, my limp body jostled on a hard shoulder with every step as freezing rain needled into my skin. My arms ached from the tight restraints, my cheeks were raw from the blindfold’s chafing, and each breath carried the sharp sting of cold. Beneath the numbness, a gnawing sense of dread clawed at my chest, every bounce a reminder of how powerless I’d become. Judging from the amount of pungent, rotten smells of the trip, our captors mostly stuck to empty alleyways. Eventually, ages later, I heard the creaking of an old wooden door on rusty hinges, the stomping of numerous heavy boots on a wood floor, followed by drunken laughter and brawls coming from a further room. More bumps and shifts on the shoulder, the sounds of dogs barking and howling, more stomping on hard floors, then finally I heard metal grinding on metal and a few loud clangs. I was none too gently slung around like a ragdoll and dropped on a hard, cold floor. What sounded like a wet sack of potatoes hitting the pavement landed next to me, and my blindfold was finally removed. I shut my eyes against the onslaught of bright torchlight, then squinted to see that we were in some kind of crude dungeon that could've been a wine cellar at some point. The lead kidnapper and Derzo stood high above us, and Ratt shifted a bit, starting to regain conciousness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Chain the rat up, Derz. He's coming to, looks like." The leader pointed, then looked into my eyes. "Now then, little mouse. I'm ordered not to harm any pretty lil' hair on yer head. But if you even </span>
      <span class="c35">think</span>
      <span class="c33"> about escapin' I'll make ya pay dearly fer it, we glassy clear?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I bobbed my head in affirmation, shivering from the cold, and he undid the gag over my mouth. Derzo had finished chaining Ratt to the wall with rusty manacles clicking shut. My mouth felt as dry as the Gerudo Desert and my clothes clung to me with a clammy chill, like I'd been dragged to the bottom of Lake Hylia and left to freeze. The sensation made my skin crawl—not just from the cold, but from the sharp ache of helplessness gnawing at my pride. I was stripped of everything that gave me power, soaked, silenced, and stared at like prey. The humiliation of it all settled in my stomach like a stone. Even so, having a bone dry mouth didn't stop me from trying to spit in the man's face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha! Lukhan is gonna like ya, that's for true." The man hooted in mocking laughter, then nodded to Ratt. "Though, can't say the same for your boyfriend there, he's been stealing from us fer years now. Cost us many a good slave, that rat. The boss has somethin' special for 'im. Say yer g'byes while you can, lil' mouse, cuz you won't be seeing 'im again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">With a final chortle, the two exited the cellar. Derzo slammed the metal barrel door shut and stood guard on the other side with his huge arms crossed. Ratt stirred and mumbled something, and I turned my attention on him to ensure he was alright. Finally his eyes snapped open, and he glanced in fear at his surroundings until his eyes caught mine.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Link! Oh by the guardians, I'm sorry! I didn't know they…!" He frantically apologized as tears came to his eyes. "I'm so so sorry!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hold on, calm down! Let's just think here, what are they planning to do with us? Why'd they ambush us? And who are these people?" I interrogated as calmly as I could, though still shivering and trying not to chatter my teeth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well… if I'm right, but I seriously hope I'm wrong, we're in the Blood Wolves hideout. Remember those guys we ran into yesterday, they were Blood Wolves? I am kinda….probably on their list of people they really want dead." Ratt explained hurriedly, and pulled on the manacles. "These guys are slavers, part of the pirate operation down at the ocean. They take tourists and visitors to Clock Town and ship them south using the sewer system. I've helped free dozens of people, so I'm not....erm...popular with them. They'll kill me, but if they have you too then that means...well…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">His voice trailed off and I urged him to continue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well what? What's going to happen?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"Well you're a very...uhh… lovely girl. They'll probably… keep you as a concubine to share between the high-ranked members. I know it's horrible, but I overheard them say something about it once...passing attractive women around like trophies to share between the high ranked members. So you </span>
      <span class="c35">have to get out of here!</span>
      <span class="c33">"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"What?!" I immediately felt sick to my stomach. "Gods...I hope you have a plan here!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Shh shhhhh!" Ratt hushed, nodding toward Derzo. " Keep it down. I'll think of something… of course if you have any ideas I'm open to just about anything right now."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">"I-I don't know… I've never really been in a situation like this. Well… there was </span>
      <span class="c35">one</span>
      <span class="c33">. But that was a long time ago, and I was way better equipped." I muttered nervously, recalling my adventures at Gerudo Fortress.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uhh, right. Well… don't be scared ok? I'll figure this out… and I'm sorry again."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I'm not scared!" I hissed, "I'm just freezing, if only we had a fire in here…"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I longingly wished for the warmth of a roaring campfire, and how I could easily make one with the bow and…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c42">Wait...my ring?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I curled my hands, trying to feel for the ring. My right index finger quickly found the cool metal of the ring on my left middle finger, and I instantly perked up, ecstatic that I found a possible way to escape!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hey, I think I might've found a way out of here!" I whispered excitedly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Really?" Ratt inched over as close as he could. "How? What's the plan?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Well...I have a magic ring that causes my bow to shoot fire. If I could use it to burn these ropes off, I could maybe undo those manacles, and we could escape! My clothes are soaked enough that I doubt I'll get burnt."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ok...? I have so many questions, but I really don't care right now. How do you plan to get past the guards?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"I..umm...hmm. I've got nothing for that. If we could get to my mask though, it'll be a piece of cake."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Uh, your mask? What are you gonna do, scare them?" Ratt raised a brow in confusion.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ha, you'll see!" I chuckled quietly, "Once I put on the mask you'll understand everyth-"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Suddenly the jail door opened and we both jumped as the bearded leader walked in with his heavy boots thumping.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good news, little mousey! You're coming to see Lukhan right now. Lucky you, eh? Haha!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I tried protesting, but was once again plucked off the ground and slung over tough, lumpy shoulders. My body jolted with every step the brute took, the ropes still biting into my arms. As I passed by Ratt, his eyes locked with mine—wide, stricken, and glassy with unspoken fear. There was a kind of desperation there that made my breath catch. He wasn’t worried about himself. It was me. That panic, so raw and directed only at my safety, left me reeling. Part of me wanted to cry, to call out and reassure him I’d be alright—but another part recoiled, uncertain if that gaze came from love or dread. And I didn’t know which would scare me more.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The jail door slammed shut behind us, the final echo sealing that chamber like a tomb. Derzo’s massive frame filled the doorway once again, and I was hauled up a creaking staircase into a hall of warped, rotting floorboards. The air was thick with mold and the sour tang of spilled ale. Drunken shouts, fists pounding tables, and the occasional shriek of laughter bled in from the next room. A poorly-tuned piano clanged out broken chords in a stubborn attempt to inject levity into a place that reeked of misery.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Hear that, mousey? You'll be hearin' it a bunch more, so ya best get used to it haha!" The burly kidnapper laughed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I struggled to remain cool-headed the further we went, until we stopped at the end of a rickety hall. I was set down and faced towards a set of black double doors with a large symbol of a skull with inlaid rubies for its eyes wrapped in chains, carrying a dagger in its grinning mouth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Alright. I'm gonna untie you now, but no funny business, eh? Here's what yer gonna do, yer gonna step inside this door, yer gonna cooperate fully with whatever the boss tells ya, or we're gonna chop ya up and feed ya to the pups, yeah?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I nodded silently.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Good." He undid the knots on the bindings, opened one of the doors and gently pushed me inside. "Now be a good girl and no trouble, eh?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And with that the door gently shut behind me, leaving me in a sizable room full of animal trophies and pelts. The room was brightly lit by three chandeliers, each holding about a dozen candles and made up of the gilded bones of various animals. Ranged weapons of all sorts hung along the walls, crossbows, bows, spears, and a strange weapon with a hollow, trumpet-like end, with the other being flat and solid. The floors were also carpeted with the furs of bears, wolves, wildcats, and foxes. On the room's right sat a gaudy, opulent bed with colorful pillows, and four tall posts that held sheer white curtains which hung below the red and gold blankets. The left side had a long dining table strewn with half-eaten fruit and smoked meat, with several wooden chairs laying in disarray. I turned to the far end of the chamber, seeing a large chair laden in furs and decorated with animal horns and bones protruding from the top and sides. I inhaled an excited breath of air when, to my surprise, I saw all of my missing items laying in the seat of the chair!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I eagerly snuck toward the throne, heart pounding with hope, but immediately halted as a strange scent—burned oil and animal musk—curled into my nostrils. It was wrong. Unnatural. A faint draft whispered across the back of my neck, threading through my damp clothes like the breath of something ancient and watching. Then came a low, creaking groan.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">A hidden seam behind the throne split open like a wound, and a figure emerged from the shadows.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I froze, my lungs tightening as if the very air had turned to stone. My pulse thundered against my skull. Torchlight flickered over the figure’s olive-toned skin and unruly mane of red-orange hair—each step forward sent new ice lancing through my spine. Then his eyes met mine. Piercing. Dangerous. My knees nearly buckled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">It couldn’t be....</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c34">No. It couldn't. Not here. Not in </span>
      <span class="c35">this</span>
      <span class="c33"> world.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">The man standing before me was the image of a nightmare I thought I’d buried. The same cruel calm. The same terrible power coiled just beneath his skin. The same eyes I remembered facing when I stood between him and the kingdom I'd nearly died to protect.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">"Ganondorf..." I whispered, though I wasn’t even sure my lips had moved.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">But I knew it couldn’t be him. This wasn’t Hyrule. This was Termina. And yet—every part of me trembled with memory, with dread, with the helpless instinct to run.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">Whoever this was... whatever he was...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">I knew this malice well...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c33">And I had just walked into the lion’s den.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
