<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Copy of A Dark Mask</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="c">
<hr class="calibre2" id="calibre_pb_6"/>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8"></span>
    </p>
    <p class="c3" id="h.amzxcxmauu4r">
      <span class="c12">Chapter Eight</span>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c13" id="h.vp0abfexglbo">
      <span class="c14">The Stockpot Inn</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl hid beneath my heavy cloak, guiding me toward the Stockpot Inn as a rising sense of desperation twisted in my gut. My legs ached, my thoughts were fogged with exhaustion, and I clung to the thought of shelter like a lifeline. Just stepping inside—even if only for a moment—felt like the only thing keeping me upright. The billowing clouds had kept their promise—rain now poured in sheets, relentless and cold. Heavy winds howled through the streets, rocking the signs and shuttered windows that clung to the sides of shops and homes. Rivulets of water streamed down the mostly empty cobblestone roads, and the sun had already begun its descent behind the storm-darkened horizon. I was soaked to the bone, my recently grown hair plastered annoyingly to my cheeks and brow. The new deerskin boots squelched with each step, cold water trapped inside. It was getting colder by the minute, and I prayed we’d arrive at the inn soon. I doubted the leader of the so-called "Bombers" would still be there—if they were even real—but at this point, just being indoors felt like a victory. The added possibility of sleeping in a dry, comfortable bed stirred my aching legs to move faster. I hadn’t slept in a bed since I left Hyrule weeks ago.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Left—now!" Tatl shouted, nearly drowned out by the wind.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I quickly turned down one of the narrower side streets. This neighborhood was packed with restaurants, small shops, and a couple of dimly lit game houses. A few determined customers milled about beneath umbrellas, their faces obscured by hoods and shadows.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Which way next?!" I called, squinting through the downpour.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"It should be just up ahead! Right around that corner! I hope..." replied the soaked and slightly panicked fairy.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A jagged bolt of lightning split the sky, casting the alley in stark white light for a heartbeat. A bone-rattling crack of thunder followed, loud enough to make me flinch. The shock reverberated through my ribs like distant thunder made flesh, clashing against the cold tension already curled tight in my chest like a coiled spring. I quickened my pace, my breath steaming in the chilled air.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Slowing as I turned the corner, not wanting to slip, I finally spotted our destination through the downpour. The Stockpot Inn stood tall: a three-story structure of timber and stone. A large, weatherworn sign—"Welcome to the Stockpot Inn"—swayed slightly above the entryway.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Grateful for the shelter, I jogged the last few steps and reached for the handle. As I pushed the door open, a wave of warm, sweet-smelling air spilled out, thick with the scent of old wood and dried herbs. I huffed droplets of water off my nose, sighing in relief. Tatl zipped from beneath my cloak with a grumble, shaking off rain like a disgruntled cat.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Inside, the flickering light of wall sconces bathed the room in a welcoming glow that clashed tenderly with the storm still howling outside. The warmth seeped into my chilled limbs, softening the knots of tension in my shoulders, and for a fleeting moment, I felt like I had stepped into a dream—a fragile pocket of peace where the world couldn’t reach me. I trudged to the front desk, boots squishing and dripping with each step. A thin, auburn-haired woman with gentle blue eyes looked up and smiled warmly.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Hello there, welcome to the Stockpot Inn... Oh my! You poor dear, you must be soaked to the bone! Are you by chance looking for a room? Normally we would be booked solid due to the Carnival, but with everything going on in Termina... well, not many have come to celebrate this year. Lucky for you, we have quite a few rooms available."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">My face lit up. "Yeah, that would be great! Are there any fireplaces in the rooms?" I asked, already imagining my gear drying beside a crackling hearth.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Another rumble of thunder echoed in the distance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, we have three rooms that come with a fireplace. But I’m afraid they’ve all been reserved... Hmm, let me double-check." The woman ducked beneath the counter and pulled out a large, leather-bound guestbook. Behind her, a decorative wall clock ticked steadily, the sound a soft anchor against the storm outside.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She flipped through the pages. "Hmm... yes, unfortunately, those rooms do appear to be taken... Mmm, wait just a moment. Oh! It looks like we do have one deluxe room available. The guest who reserved it never showed up—but they paid in advance."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She looked back at me with a hint of softness. "You poor dears look like you've had a terrible day. If you'd like, I'd be happy to give you the room—free of charge. It’s already paid for, and in these dark times, I think it’s the least I can do."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Yes, oh thank you so much!" I exclaimed, my voice a mix of gratitude and disbelief. "You’re a lifesaver, ma’am!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Maybe my luck was finally starting to turn around.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, you may call me Anju, dear. Allow me to grab your keys. I’ll be right back."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">She disappeared into the back and returned moments later holding a ring of keys.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Alright, if you’ll follow me, please? I’ll show you to your room."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I trailed after her, boots still squelching, leaving faint puddles behind on the polished wood floor. Tatl hovered beside me, her glow reflecting in little halos across the damp surface. I paused for a moment, instinctively searching for a towel or rug to wipe my feet, but Anju turned on the stairs and caught my hesitation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh, don’t worry about that, sweetie. I’ll clean it up after I show you to your room."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Candles flickered in lanterns lining the stairwell, their flames bobbing with each passing gust from the old drafty halls. The steps creaked under our weight, worn smooth by decades of use. Though aged, the inn was immaculately clean—its air tinged with the earthy scent of dried sage and cedar, and the faint, rhythmic creaking of wood beneath our steps gave the space a sense of living history, like the house itself breathed in time with the storm outside. Its bones weathered, but clearly cared for. Dust-free corners, fresh-swept floorboards, and serene paintings of forests and rivers gave it the quiet charm of a place loved by generations.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">A loud crack of thunder shook the halls as we reached the top floor. Anju ignored the sudden burst of sound and turned left, down the small corridor, and stopped at the first door we came to.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Your room is here..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The innkeeper unlocked the door and gestured through to the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I walked through the doorway and examined the room. The chamber was cozy and inviting. A clean, welcoming bed with neatly folded blankets sat on the left side of the room. A lantern burned brightly on the bedside table, cheerfully illuminating the space. A small, unlit fireplace was built into the wall opposite the bed, its mantel finely crafted and smooth to the touch.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Wow, this is pretty snazzy!" Tatl chimed. "I rarely ever get to stay in places like this!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh yes, we do try to accommodate our guests as much as we can," Anju replied, handing me the room key and sauntering over to the fireplace, striking a match to light it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Now then, checkout is usually at noon... but with all these bad omens plaguing the city, you may stay as long as you like. Something tells me you need the peace of mind. The gods only know that everyone needs a reprieve from hardship every once in a while..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The pretty innkeeper suddenly expressed sadness in her eyes, and she seemed to grow distant, as though she stared across a salt-grey sea of silent burdens. Apparently I wasn't the only one having a bad day. I tried to smile to comfort her and show my immeasurable gratitude.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Thank you so much, Miss Anju! I won't ever forget your incredible kindness. If there's anything I can do for you, let me know... and I will do all that is in my power to help," I vowed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Oh... no, don't worry about me... I must apologize, I've been a terrible hostess!" Anju blinked, snapping back to reality. She bowed courteously and backed out of the room. "Please let me know if there's anything else you need, Miss...? I'm so sorry, I don't believe I caught your name! How impossibly rude of me!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ummm, it's... it's Link," I hesitantly answered and pointed to Tatl, who had already begun to warm herself by the fire. "And that's Tatl over there."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ah, those are good names," Anju nodded. "Well then, please excuse me. I truly hope you both have a relaxing and pleasant stay. Again, welcome to the Stockpot Inn."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The door gently closed behind the retreating hostess, and I listened to the faint tapping of her shoes fading into the distance. I looked down at my drenched outfit and unslung my bow, placing it beside the cleanly folded blankets. I was still freezing, the fabric clinging to me like a second skin, and I was quite anxious to be dry. I moved toward the warm, inviting glow of the fireplace. The fire crackled merrily, casting dancing shadows on the walls and sending out gentle waves of heat that clashed with the tension still curled deep in my muscles.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Aren't you going to change out of those clothes? They're still drenched, you know? And you're dripping all over this nice floor!" Tatl voiced. "Go ahead and take them off. Don't worry, I won't look. I have absolutely no desire to see naked humans."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The white fairy turned her back to me and covered her eyes. I sighed and reluctantly began to strip down. My gloves and cloak plopped to the floor. The moisture had glued the wet shirt and pants to my skin, making them difficult to peel off. I tried my best to look away as I wrestled with the leggings and boots, not wanting to see my feminized figure. Every brush of fabric against my skin reminded me that this body wasn’t mine anymore. I had begun to feel sick to my stomach and didn't want to think about the curse. I just wanted warmth and a quiet night to recover. I could find the club leader in the morning, though I knew I was on a tight schedule. Since darkness had fallen, the kid had probably turned in for the evening anyway.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Pulling the soaked shirt over my head, I was finally free of the cloying garments. I moved to the bed to grab one of the blankets and unfolded the thick, wool comforter, draping it over my shoulders. Its scratchy warmth dug deep into my bones like the sun after a storm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I huffed and plucked the dripping pile of clothing off the floor. I carried them over to the fireplace and positioned them so that they would effectively dry off. The fire hissed softly in greeting as the droplets sizzled away. Satisfied, I shifted over to the cushioned chair and sat down, wrapping the blanket tighter around myself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Ok Tatl, you can look now," I informed, and scooted the chair closer to the crackling fire. Finally feeling its warmth wash over me, I smiled with fragile relief. Aside from the lingering nausea and weariness, I was at ease—if only for a moment.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I relaxed, taking in the strange circumstances of the past few days. This was one of the most stressful series of events I had ever experienced. I had never once, in my wildest dreams, thought that I would be turned into a girl. And not just turned—becoming. Piece by piece, and hour by hour. The fact that this was really happening, and what the near future might bring, unnerved me. What if I never returned to normal? What if I changed even more?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Tatl interrupted my downward spiral into a helpless panic by breaking the silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"So, what about the leader of the Bomber Gang?" Tatl asked, "Did you already forget?"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"No, Tatl, I didn't forget... I just need to sit down for a bit. I'm still trying to get used to this body, and my insides are still churning from this morning."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Aww come on, it can't be that bad," she replied, her wings twitching with amusement. "Besides, it could be worse. Skull Kid could have just turned you into a Deku stick! Or a cow... heheheh."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Shut up. Just... just don't... not right now..." I muttered, a tired smile threatening to form. As much as I hated to admit it, her ridiculous jokes were starting to grow on me. Her teasing felt less like mockery and more like... comfort, in its own backwards way.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Pfft... fine. Can't take a joke..."</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I ignored her and shut my eyes. Tatl was definitely the first fairy I'd met that had so much... personality. I was a bit curious about why she was so abrasive, but I was mentally exhausted. My eyes closed, and the warmth of the crackling fireplace pulled me into its cocoon. The flickering glow clashed against the cold still clinging to my limbs, the tension coiled in my muscles refusing to melt. That comfort, faint as it was, lulled me into a deep, but restless sleep...</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I dreamt of returning to Hyrule, of riding a horse through vast fields of wind-blown grass wavering underneath a clear, blue sky. I gallantly rode in triumph towards the glistening castle town in the distance. Flocks of birds passed by overhead as I spurred the horse beneath me to gallop faster, but no matter how fast it went, the castle seemed to recede ever further into the distance.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Suddenly, the wind slowed. The sky grew dark, and a huge shadow eclipsed Hyrule Castle. The birds scattered. A chill surged through me. I turned my gaze upward, and my heart froze. The moon—its monstrous, furious face leering—was plunging toward the castle. Its eyes wept silvery tears and its surface pulsed with molten cracks. Screaming erupted from behind the white ramparts as it plummeted faster and faster!</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Time slowed. The land held its breath.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Then—it smashed into the earth with cataclysmic force. Waves of dust and fire rolled across the land like a storm of death. I was thrown from the horse, the shock wave hitting me like a giant’s fist. I hit the ground, gasping, and scrambled to my feet, trying to flee. But the wave caught me. I was swallowed in a maelstrom of debris.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">I clenched my eyes against the clouds of ash. The air burned in my lungs. Then—</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Suddenly it wasn’t ash anymore. I was choking on hair.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Massive tendrils of hair lashed all around me—silky, shining, and alive. They wrapped around my limbs with serpentine grace, tangled in my mouth, forced their way down my throat. I tried to scream, but the strands pressed deeper, muffling me, smothering me. The air smelled like lavender and rot. My arms were pinned. My legs tangled. Each movement only dragged me deeper into the silken prison.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">No sword. No voice. No self. Just silk and silence.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">Darkness overtook me. Somewhere, far away, someone called my name.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">"Link!"</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="c8">The voice was urgent, desperate, calling out again and again. But I was sinking, drowning in this fibrous sea. I reached one final time, my fingers stretching toward the light—</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c9">
      <span class="calibre1">—</span>
      <span class="c8">and then, I was swallowed whole.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c18">
      <span class="c8">
        <br class="calibre"/>
        <br class="calibre"/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c10">
      <span class="c23"></span>
    </p>
    </body>
</html>
